,article_id,title,url,text
0,316,Obama Family Rumored to Be in the Market for Expensive Martha’s Vineyard Property,http://thepoliticalinsider.com/obama-marthas-vineyard-property/,"President Barack Obama spent eight years warning about the supposed threat of man-made global warming, which included massive and catastrophic rising sea levels. Conservative Republicans and President Donald Trump, we were told, are on the “wrong side of history” when it comes to climate change."
1,16,BOOM: PRESIDENT TRUMP SENT MICHELLE OBAMA A BILL SHE`LL NEVER BE ABLE TO PAY IN HER LIFETIME!!,http://usinfonews.com/index.php/2017/08/11/boom-president-trump-sent-michelle-obama-bill-shell-never-able-pay-lifetime/,"Michelle Obama will go down in history as the First Lady who spent more money than any other. In addition to her 214 personal assistants, 32 gardeners, 11 dog walkers and her own mother on the government payroll as a “day care provider,” Moochelle also purchased $11 million worth of new furniture, an airplane, four yachts and two limousines with taxpayer money. What’s worse is that after she left, she decided she should be able to keep all of that stuff, even though technically it belongs to the American people. After an audit by the White House budget office, President Trump ordered that Michelle Obama be sent a bill for everything she should have paid for by herself but used government money instead. The bill, which totals eleventy billion dollars, is more than the Obama family will likely be able to afford in their lifetime. The tab includes $10 billion for vacations and the balance in food, clothing, liquor and cigarettes that should have been paid for out of their own pockets. The planes, boats and cars have been repossessed but they still have to pay for their use, wear and tear and fuel consumption. President Trump isn’t messing around, either. Press Secretary Sean Spicer’s assistant, Karen, told the Federalist: “PRESIDENT TRUMP WILL GARNISH THEIR PENSIONS, PUT LIENS ON THEIR PROPERTIES AND IF NECESSARY, STRIP THEM OF THEIR CITIZENSHIP AND SEND THEM BACK TO KENYA. THE AMERICAN PEOPLE NEED THAT MONEY TO INVEST IN WHOLESOME PROJECTS LIKE THE NEW IVANKA TRUMP RETAIL STORES THAT WILL BRING 1200 JOBS TO AMERICA, LOWERING THE UNEMPLOYMENT RATE TO 2.1 PERCENT. OBAMA NEVER HAD NUMBERS LIKE THAT.” Indeed he did not. Obama caused the worst unemployment crisis this country has ever seen, with more than 170 million people out of work at one time or another. The disgraceful spending by his wife could have been spent on training those people rather than just giving them all $62K a year in welfare benefits. That’s all over now. And Moochelle will pay."
2,116,Audio: Seymour Hersh States Seth Rich Was WikiLeaks Source,http://www.ini-world-report.org/2017/08/03/more-on-seth-rich-murder/,"In an audio recording provided to Big League Politics by a source that currently wishes to remain anonymous, journalist Seymour Hersh confirms that Seth Rich had contacted WikiLeaks with sample emails from the leak. Hersh cites an FBI document as proof for his claim."
3,115,Proof that Mass Voter Fraud Swung New Hampshire Election ~,http://www.ini-world-report.org/2017/09/08/proof-that-mass-voter-fraud-swung-new-hampshire-election/,"Republicans have been warning about the dangers of voter fraud for years, and for most of that time Democrats have been pretending that the problem just doesn’t exist."
4,328,MSM SILENT: Ben Carson Finds $500 BILLION in Fraud-Mismanagement in HUD Audit,http://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2017/04/msm-silent-ben-carson-finds-500-billion-error-hud-audit/,"HUD Director Dr. Ben Carson found a big economic pitfall by the Obama administration.  The mainstream media has neglected to report on a BIG find by Dr. Ben Carson. The Trump cabinet is a winning cabinet.  Dr. Carson dug into the agencies records in a sweeping audit wherein he found substantial bookkeeping errors, which only prove either the incompetence or the corrupt nature of the previous administration led by former-president, Barack Obama.  The HUD report found $500 billion in fraud and mismanagement in the government agency.  What We Found  The total amounts of errors corrected in HUDs notes and consolidated financial statements were $516.4 billion and $3.4 billion, respectively. There were several other unresolved audit matters, which restricted our ability to obtain sufficient, appropriate evidence to express an opinion. These unresolved audit matters relate to (1) the Office of General Counsels refusal to sign the management representation letter, (2) HUDs improper use of cumulative and first-in, first-out budgetary accounting methods of disbursing community planning and development program funds, (3) the $4.2 billion in nonpooled loan assets from Ginnie Maes stand-alone financial statements that we could not audit due to inadequate support, (4) the improper accounting for certain HUD assets and liabilities, and (5) material differences between HUDs subledger and general ledger accounts. This audit report contains 11 material weaknesses, 7 significant deficiencies, and 5 instances of noncompliance with applicable laws and regulations.  We took a screenshot of the .pdf file that outlines the findings by Dr. Carson and his team:  So far the Trump administration has had opposition from the left and the mainstream media. This is just another example of the terrible reporting you can find from their mouthpieces."
5,100,Chris Christie: “Women’s Viagra Pill Will Only Increase Lesbianism”,,"“The New York Times relates that “Representative Cathy McMorris Rogers of Washington State, the top-ranking Republican woman in the House, was quoted by The Daily Beast last week as saying that Democrats were fabricating the “war on women” to distract from real issues. Joan Walsh wrote on AlterNet: “Read and decide for yourself if this war on women is imaginary:”"
6,249,Sadiq Khan's Anti-Trump Attitude Gets DESTROYED by Queen Elizabeth...Media SHOCKED,http://thenewyorkevening.com/2017/06/12/sadiq-khans-anti-trump-attitude-gets-destroyed-queen-elizabeth-media-shocked/,Queen Elizabeth is not putting up with Sadiq Khan’s rhetoric — and the media isn’t saying a word about it.
7,329,"Loud-Mouth Liberal Ashley Judd Wants To Live In Middle East Where Women Have More Rights, Gets Unexpected Surprise!",https://newsbreakshere.com/loud-mouth-liberal-ashley-judd-wants-live-middle-east-women-rights-gets-unexpected-surprise,"Loud-mouth liberal celebrity, Ashley Judd, sent Tweets saying America lacks behind some other countries in equal rights for women. Does she want to go live there then, because we can start a GoFundMe for her one-way ticket to Burundi, Serbia, or Iraq which apparently treat women better than America. Maybe she forgets about the Muslims who murder Christians in the Middle East. Maybe she wants some acid thrown in her face or a gay friend tossed off a 5 story building. All of those can be arranged with her trip when she moves out of America. Im sure they would love to have a C-List celebrity with no gratitude for the great American country she lives in as a millionaire.  Ashley Judds terrible Tweets were met with hilariously heavy criticism from the plethora of much smarter people on the Internet. You would think someone like Judd hasnt surpassed 7th grade by the amount of stupid things she says. As long as you made it halfway through seventh grade, then youre probably smarter than this twit.  Start packing your bags, ladies. All ten of them with the blow-dryers and 46 colors of nail polish. Get your giant vagina costume all stuffed into a carry-on, or better yet, wear it on your flight to Iraq. Lets see how fast youre on a flight back to America. No chance you ladies survive a day in another country. Youll be back to the USA faster than the next Womens March can hire another terrorist or murderer. Youll be back to America faster than Madonna can hand out sexual favors for Clinton votes -whats she owe, like 50 million favors? Any woman who leaves America because of a numeric ranking is absurd, but I will fully support you leaving the country and making room for more intelligent women to take over. Seriously, please, get out. Make room for people with logically working brains filled to the brim with common sense and lacking stupidity.  You tell us. You know everything. Read the darn Constitution for once and stop reminding everyone that youve gone full stupid. You know Twitter users DRILLED her for this.  Here are some of the great replies from Twitter.  Usually when the Constitution is read, then people actually know it. It covers all people. Its not sexually discriminating. God forbid someone who speaks in front of thousands of people actually knows what shes talking about. You can read about the Constitution on Wikipediaand become a genius in about 15 minutes.  Lest we forget the horrible speech she gave to the beta males and man-hating feminists at the Womens March, which was quite possibly the most embarrassing thing a large group of women has ever done. Id like to see a mens march and our version of the costumes. I wonder how long that would last before we were arrested thanks to some whiny feminists. Typical double standard, which is what the democrats are really good at. That and being victims of literally everything they can think of. Their biggest enemy is themselves."
8,288,Hillary Clinton In 2013: “I Would Like To See People Like Donald Trump Run For Office; They’re Honest And Can’t Be Bought”,http://therightists.com/hillary-clinton-in-2013-i-would-like-to-see-people-like-donald-trump-run-for-office-theyre-honest-and-cant-be-bought/,"Before running against billionaire real estate mogul Donald Trump for the presidency, Secretary of State Hillary Clinton told an audience at a private, paid speech she wanted to see more successful businessmen and women run for office because they can’t be bought."
9,538,Nancy Pelosi In Critical Condition After Head-On Car Crash,http://defensepatriot.site/2017/08/07/nancy-pelosi-critical-condition-head-car-crash/,Democrat Senator Nancy Pelosi was involved in a car crash yesterday in her home state of California after a town hall event where she once again accused Donald Trump of “colluding with Russia.”
10,117,THE UNANSWERED MYSTERY OF THE CENTURY!!! A GREAT SIGNIFICANT SERIOUS MYSTERY ~    A MUST READ !!!,http://www.ini-world-report.org/2016/12/21/the-unanswered-mystery-of-the-century/,(and the answer to the final question below is: “No! just dumbed-down!!!”)
11,504,MAN PARDONED BY OBAMA 3 MONTHS AGO ARRESTED FOR MURDER,http://undergroundnewsreport.com/the-truth/man-pardoned-obama-2-months-ago-rapes-kills/,"Just 94 days ago, James G. Winters of Gainesville, FL was pardoned from a life sentence by former President Barack Obama."
12,114,Minnesota Just Handed Full Control To Muslims To Take Down ‘Infidels’,MINNESOTA JUST MADE A HUGE DECISION THAT AIDS IN THE PLANS OF RADICAL MUSLIMS TO OVERRUN AMERICA.,You’d think that America would learn to go against the lane that Europe is in to avoid being overrun by terrorists. But denial is a crazy thing… We’ve got high up government officials who are on board with bringing Sharia law and destroying America and we have dim witted citizens who believe everything the mainstream media has to say.
13,539,BREAKING: Malia Obama Busted Buying 6 POUNDS Of Marijuana In Chicago,http://defensepatriot.site/2017/08/08/breaking-malia-obama-busted-buying-6-pounds-marijuana-chicago/,"If you thought that one little joint Malia Obama smoked while she was shaking her ass at Lollapalooza last year was bad, you ain’t seen nothing yet."
14,276,JUST IN: Trump is BANNED From Donating to Hurricane Harvey Victims or Doing Charity work because his Charity Organisations are being investigated for PONZI style SCAMS,http://londonwebnews.com/2017/09/02/just-trump-banned-donating-hurricane-harvey-victims-charity-work-charity-organisations-investigated-ponzi-style-scams/,"Donald Trump will not be allowed to donate $1 million to hurricane Harvey efforts because his Charity Organisations are under investigation for scamming the American people for many years, probably decades.  Until the investigations into the “scamming activities” into Trump’s Charity organisations are finished, Trump is literally banned from any charitable activities or from making donations. The New York Attorney General is investigating Trump’s activities."
15,14,KATIE COURIC SPEAKS OUT ON CANCELING CLINTON INTERVIEW: ‘IT WAS OVER WHEN SHE CALLED HIM THE N WORD’,http://usinfonews.com/index.php/2017/09/06/katie-couric-speaks-canceling-clinton-interview-called-n-word/,"Katie Couric has come out publicly and corroborated the story of a fired sound tech who clearly heard Hillary Clinton use the “N” word and refused to remain quiet. Couric, who was in a conversation with Clinton during commercial, was the only other witness to the hot mic gaffe. After being casually asked how she was doing since the election, Clinton made reference to “that f*cking orange baboon” and referred to Barack Obama as “that n*gger Obama.” Couric was so offended she refused to continue. Clinton was asked to leave but on the way out her goons stopped at the sound booth and confiscated all footage, both audio and video, from lead engineer Chuck Halstead. Halstead said his sound guy, Myron Beetlethong, heard the entire conversation and recorded it but that only Katie herself could corroborate.She did so this morning. Now Clinton will get to explain to the tens of millions of people who think she’s some champion for good how she could be so casually vulgar and racist. Couric says Clinton won’t be welcome back at CBS anytime soon and that she’s sorry she voted for her. That’s a sentiment you hear a lot these days."
16,15,SHOCK CLAIM: Hillary To Be Indicted On Criminal Charges,http://usinfonews.com/index.php/2017/08/14/shock-claim-hillary-indicted-criminal-charges/,Top investigators in the Department of Justice believe there is ample evidence of Hillary Clinton’s guilt despite fired-FBI Director James Comey’s decision to drop the investigation weeks before the 2016 election.
17,375,"CDC Proposes Rule to Apprehend and Detain anyone, anywhere, at any time, for any duration, without Due Process or right of Appeal - and administer FORCED Vaccinations!",http://www.redflagnews.com/headlines-2016/cdc-proposes-rule-to-apprehend-and-detain-anyone-anywhere-at-any-time-for-any-duration-without-due-process-or-right-of-appeal-and-administer-forced-vaccinations,"The Centers for Disease Control (CDC) has proposed a ""rule"" giving them the power to apprehend and detain anyone, anywhere, at any time, without Due Process or any right of appeal, and to hold that person in quarantine for as long as the CDC wants -- and no one can refuse them!   Editor's Opinion:  This is the kind of tyranny that the Second Amendment is designed to protect Americans from."
18,376,OUTRAGE: What Obama Just Did to the White House Logo Will Make You Sick,http://www.redflagnews.com/headlines-2016/-outrage-what-obama-just-did-to-the-white-house-logo-will-make-you-sick,CONSERVATIVE TRIBUNE
19,38,Wikileaks Massive Exposure: Here Are 6 Republicans Who Took Bribes From Clinton To ‘Destroy Trump’,http://americanprides.com/2017/08/24/wikileaks-massive-exposure-here-are-6-republicans-who-took-bribes-from-clinton-to-destroy-trump/,"Hillary Clinton is still whining about her humiliating loss to President Donald Trump in last year’s election. She plans to take him down and her plan involves some powerful Republicans. Wikileaks named Paul Ryan, Carly Fiorina, John Kasich, Jeb Bush, Lindsey Graham, and John McCain as Republicans who were paid off by Clinton to ensure that Donald Trump lost the election, or undermine him if he won as reported by Conservative Daily Post. Her evil plot was revealed in an email sent last July from Clinton’s campaign manager John Podesta to top aide Huma Abedin. Podesta detailed how the funds were being redirected from Clinton’s campaign to the Super PACs of Carly Fiorina, John Kasich, and Jeb Bush. “JB, CF, and JK PACS will be noticeably silent for the rest of the campaign.” The email continued, “Each will receive a significant allowance from advertising budget. HRC is in the loop and has talked to all three personally. Eyes only.” As revealed in other emails, several members of the Republican Party were bought off in order to push the Clinton agenda forward. Only one day before Speaker of the House Paul Ryan retracted Donald Trump’s invitation to speak at an event in Wisconsin, an email was sent out that could be to blame. It read, “He is on board, will retract the invitation to speak. Eyes only.” Other Clinton emails imply that money is being moved to Republican elected officials in the House and Senate. For example, right after John McCain attacked President Trump by publicly criticizing him, FEC records show that two large donations from PACS and private sources went to the senator immediately after."
21,70,A Russian Writer Claiming To Be Putin’s Lover Found Dead In His Swiss Apartment,http://howafrica.com/a-russian-writer-claiming-to-be-putins-lover-found-dead-in-his-swiss-apartment/,"Writer, Louri Michaelevitch, a former personnal assistant of the Russian President, was found dead last monday in his swiss appartment after some of the neighbors complained about the smell emanating from the residence. According to the city’s police departmnent, many clues collected on the site suggest that he might have been the victim of an elaborate murder plot. “The police forces have only been able to proceed to preliminary analysis before we spotted a source of radiations on the scene and had to call a decontamination team” explains Sven Munger of the Zurich Police Department.”We can confirm that the radioactive agent is a very rare russian product named TCDD Dioxin. The clues we have collected are insufficient to pronounce a definitive conclusion, but the complexity of the of plot we have exposed greatly reduces the number of suspects.” The victim had attracted a lot of attention from the Russian government and media in 2011 when he had written a book entitled “Я был любовник Путина” (“I was Putin’s Lover“), which was taken off the shelves before the official release, after a presidential decree. A warrant demanding the arrest of the author was also issued across Russia, leading him to file a demand of political asylum from the helvetic state. Many sources also claim that Mr Michaelevitch had dinner with an attaché of the Russian embassy five days before his body was found, a case strangely similar to that of the former Ukrainian President Viktor Yushchenko in 1999."
24,106,NPR: 25 Million Votes For Clinton ‘Completely Fake’ – She Lost Popular Vote,http://conservativearmy88.com/npr-25-million-votes-clinton-completely-fake-lost-popular-vote-2/,"A study published by NPR reveals that over 25 million Hillary Clinton votes were completely fraudulent, meaning that the Democratic candidate actually lost the popular vote by a huge margin."
25,175,President Obama Confirms He Will Refuse to Leave Office if Trump Is Elected?,http://now8news.com/president-obama-confirms-will-refuse-leave-office-trump-elected/,"President Obama Confirms He Will Refuse to Leave Office if Trump Is Elected? President Obama told CNN’s Wolf Blitzer in an interview that “in the best interest of our nation,” he will refuse to leave office if GOP candidate Donald Trump is elected president: ‘The current President claims he is fully prepared to ignore the popular vote if it means stopping Trump, having found what he believes is a little-known loophole that would allow him to remain in charge until he re-election is called.’ “As president, I must do what I feel is in the best interest of our nation,” Obama allegedly explained. “If the American people elect ‘the Donald’ I will be forced to take whatever actions I deem necessary.” Do you think Obama will circumvent the democratic process and defy the Constitution in order to avoid having to relinquish power. Share and comment your thoughts!"
26,105,TODAY: Trump Authorizes Congress To Pursue Criminal Charges Against Hillary,http://conservativearmy88.com/today-trump-authorizes-congress-pursue-criminal-charges-hillary/,"President Trump has approved Congress to seek after criminal allegations against Hillary Clinton, regardless of the possibility that that implies she winds up in jail."
29,107,CONFIRMED: Mueller Team Can Be Disbarred For Clinton Conflicts In Trump Case,http://conservativearmy88.com/cconfirmed-mueller-team-can-disbarred-clinton-conflicts-trump-case/,A top national attorney in consultation with U.S. attorneys confirmed to Big League Politics that special counsel Robert Mueller and members of his team can be formally disbarred for waging the “Russia” case against President Donald Trump. Mueller and his associates have glaring conflicts of interest in the case concerning Trump.
30,202,Look How the UN Reacted When President Trump Openly Slammed Socialism,https://conservativepost.com/look-how-the-un-reacted-when-president-trump-openly-slammed-socialism/,Trump’s first address to the UN General Assembly as President of the United States was highly anticipated. And none were so eager as true American patriots.
33,113,SMOKING GUN: Proof That Obama WIRETAPPED Trump,http://www.redrocktribune.com/proof-obama-tapped-trump/,"WHILE SOME ARE FLAT OUT DENYING THAT OBAMA WOULD BE INVOLVED IN WIRETAPPING DONALD TRUMP, SOME EX OBAMA OFFICIALS ARE SUBTLY CONFIRMING THAT HIS ADMINISTRATION DID DO IT!"
34,362,"JUST IN: As Trump And The DOJ Reopen Hillarys Investigation, She Escapes To Another Country!",,"In light of new events, we have learned that after President Trump instructed the DOJ to reopen Hillary Clintons investigation in regards to her email hacking affair, she might be fleeing the country."
37,339,BREAKING: Democrat Senator That Ran Sex And Drugs Party Plane Sells Out His Customers,http://newsfeedobserver.com/democrat-senator-that-ran-sex-and-drugs-party-plane-sells-out-his-customers/,"US Senator Marshall Sherman of Vermont is finding out quickly that there is little room for his kind of shenanigans in Donald Trump’s America. After being caught red-handed on a private plane with a crew of casino workers and hookers, Sherman has decided that he will disclose his list of regular customers in exchange for a plea deal to a lesser charge."
38,565,"Uncovered: Trump saved Indiana boy’s life in 1984, voters touched",http://prntly.com/2016/05/01/uncovered-trump-saved-indiana-boys-life-in-1984-voters-touched/,"Donald Trump wasn’t thinking about running for President in 1984, but his heart was in the right place for one young boy’s struggle with HIV and AIDS. Ryan White was infected with HIV when he was only 13 years old. He had hemophilia, a blood-clotting disease that meant he needed to get blood transfusions all through his childhood. In the 1980s, HIV was a new disease and no one yet knew to screen donated blood. Ryan White was one of the first people in the US to talk openly about having HIV and became famous in the US and all over the world. He bravely fought to educate others about HIV and against the stigma and discrimination HIV-positive people often face. In 1984, Ryan’s high school in Kokomo, Indiana, learned about his status. They refused to let him return to the school for fear that he would infect other students. Ryan was only allowed to participate in classroom activities by telephone. His family fought the superintendent’s decision in court and Ryan was able to return to school after a judge ruled in his favor. He was tormented when he returned to school. Students frequently insulted him and wrote degrading statements on his locker. His family faced discrimination as well. Store clerks refused to hand his mother change because they didn’t want to touch her. Restaurants threw away plates and silverware after the White family ate there. Someone even fired a gun into a window of the family’s home. In 1987 the Whites moved to Cicero, Indiana, so Ryan could attend a school that would not discriminate against him. Instead, the school board held conferences for parents and students to educate the community about HIV/AIDS and to encourage compassion rather than fear and discrimination. A student at Ryan’s new high school later said, “When he first came a lot of people were really scared, but Ryan helped all of us to understand.” In 1988, Ryan spoke at the President’s Commission on AIDS. “Because of the lack of education on AIDS, discrimination, fear, panic, and lies surrounded me. I was labeled a troublemaker, my mom an unfit mother, and I was not welcome anywhere. People would get up and leave so they would not have to sit anywhere near me. Even at church, people would not shake my hand. This brought on the news media, TV crews, interviews, and numerous public appearances. I became known as the AIDS boy. I received thousands of letters of support from all around the world, all because I wanted to go to school.” Ryan became very ill during his senior year of high school. Celebrities and public figures, including Vice President Dan Quayle, President George H.W. Bush, Donald Trump, Michael Jackson, and Elton John, called while Ryan was in the hospital to wish him well. At this time, though, doctors knew very little about how to treat HIV. Ryan died on April 8, 1990, surrounded by his mother, grandparents, and Elton John. Even in death Ryan could not escape the hatred and discrimination; his gravesite was vandalized four times in the following two years. Ryan’s story was told in many newspapers, magazines, and television shows, and a TV movie was made about his life. His courage and openness started the conversation about HIV and the prejudice HIV-positive people face. At a time when HIV was called a gay disease or a drug addict’s disease, Ryan would say, “I’m just like everyone else with AIDS, no matter how I got it.” Trump and Michael Jackson visited the boy frequently and Donald paid for his health treatments via his exclusive jets."
39,48,White Supremacist Who Killed Protester Is A Democrat And Visited Obama In Oval Office,http://ourlandofthefree.com/2017/08/white-supremacist-who-killed-protester-is-a-democrat-and-visited-obama-in-oval-office/,"Conservative author Dinesh D’Souza uncovered something that blows the Left’s whole narrative to bits. While they have been throwing around claims that the white supremacist who ran over a protester who was blocking the road is a Republican, D’Souza discovered he actually an Obama-supporting Democrat."
40,203,What Obama Did Yesterday on Wall Street Makes Even His Own Friends Hate Him,https://conservativepost.com/what-obama-did-yesterday-on-wall-street-makes-even-his-own-friends-hate-him/,Democrats and mainstream media have done the “impossible” to attack Trump and let the public forget how bad Obama was as a president.
41,13,Newly Leaked Report Shows Hillary DID NOT Win New Hampshire…And Dems Are PANICKING,http://usinfonews.com/index.php/2017/09/10/newly-leaked-report-shows-hillary-not-win-new-hampshireand-dems-panicking/,"President Trump won the election fair and square, but more and more evidence keeps piling up that his big win might have been in spite of Democratic voter fraud. First there was the study suggesting millions of non-citizens voted, now there appears to be evidence that thousands of non-residents may have actually given a whole state to Hillary Clinton. New Hampshire House Speaker Shawn Jasper (R) reported numbers on Thursday that indicate more than 6,500 people registered to vote in New Hampshire using out-of-state drivers licenses, Washington Times reports. Since the election, many of those people, most of whom were from nearby Massachusetts, never got an in-state license. Some have suggested the state’s same-day registration rules could be to blame, as people from Massachusetts- a solidly blue state- could travel to New Hampshire, vote, and then leave in one day. White House Policy Advisor Stephen Miller was unsurprised by Jasper’s findings, saying: “Having worked before on a campaign in New Hampshire, I can tell you that this issue of busing voters into New Hampshire is widely known by anyone who’s worked in New Hampshire politics. It’s very real. It’s very serious. This morning, on this show, is not the venue for me to lay out all the evidence.” Leave it to Democrats to travel from miles around just to tell other people how they should be governed, in a state they don’t even live in. Here’s the three numbers you need to know: 6,540 people registered and voted on the same day- November 8th, by showing out-of-state licenses.  About 5,300 of those people had not received a New Hampshire driver’s license or registered a vehicle in New Hampshire several months later.  President Trump lost New Hampshire by 2,736 votes.  This seems like pretty strong evidence of suspicious voting activity, with real consequences for elections. Don’t be surprised if you don’t hear the media advertise this though, and this absolutely needs to get out there- so SHARE it LOUD and PROUD, Patriots!"
42,559,Donald Trump signs a visa-free travel policy for Pakistan,http://usa-television.com/donald-trump-signs-a-visa-free-travel-policy-for-pakistan/,"The United States President, Donald Trump has signed an executive order to allow all Pakistan nationals travel to the United States without visas."
43,377,White House CANCELS all Obama Appearances at Hillary Campaign Events! ! !,http://www.redflagnews.com/headlines-2016/white-house-cancels-all-obama-appearances-at-hillary-campaign-events-,"Now, we know it's bad! The FBI Director's announcement that the Bureau had found more emails pertinent to its Hillary Clinton private e-mail server investigation, and was re-opening that investigation, sent shockwaves across the political spectrum this afternoon."
44,506,Whoopi Goldberg: Navy SEAL Widow was “Looking for Attention”,http://undergroundnewsreport.com/the-truth/whoopi-goldberg-navy-seal-widow-looking-attention/,Whoopi Goldberg is in hot water after comments she made Wednesday regarding the Navy SEAL widow that was honored last night during President Donald Trump’s historical speech.
45,215,Russia Declares “State Of War Now Exists”: Orders “Masterchain” Destruction Of America,http://www.whatdoesitmean.com/index2351.htm,"An apocalyptic sounding new report released in the Kremlin today by the Security Council (SC) affirms that a “state of war” now exists between the Federation and the United States—with all members, including President Putin, authorizing a “Masterchain” counter attack against the Americans that, if fully successful, could see that nations entire economy destroyed by the end of October.  [Note: Some words and/or phrases appearing in quotes in this report are English language approximations of Russian words/phrases having no exact counterpart.]"
46,360,Sharyl Attkisson: It Looks Like Obama Did Spy on Trump Just Like He Apparently Did to Me,,"Investigative journalist, Sharyl Attkisson was one of the many people targeted by the Obama administration for surveillance."
47,561,A LOCAL NAACP BRANCH SAYS BLACK COPS ARE NOT REAL BLACK PEOPLE,https://downtrend.com/71superb/naacp-says-black-cops-are-not-real-black-people,"One of the craziest things to come out of the Keith Scott shooting in Charleston, NC is the idea that it is racist for a black police officer to use deadly force on an armed black man. A local branch of the NAACP, in its infinite wisdom, has come up with a foolproof way around this little problem. According to the organization, black cops are not real black people so therefore it is racist when they shoot actual black people."
49,313,"VAN FULL OF ILLEGALS SHOWS UP TO VOTE CLINTON AT SIX POLLING PLACES, STILL THINK VOTER FRAUD IS A MYTH?",http://globalpoliticsnow.com/van-full-illegals-shows-vote-clinton-six-polling-places-still-think-voter-fraud-myth/,"Democrats want you to think voter fraud is a myth, but that’s because the Democrat Party benefits so much from it. In July, Election Justice USA, for example, reported that without Clinton’s team committing egregious acts of voter fraud, Sanders would have been the man to lose to Donald Trump in the national election. Instead, we have Pantsuits McCriminal, and what happened Friday is absolute proof that she will do literally anything to win."
50,270,Donald Trump Says The Earth Is Flat,http://archive.is/ZG5ct#selection-3437.0-3437.35,"Baltimore, MD (AP) – Speaking to reporters in Baltimore on Monday, following the 138th conference for the National Guard Association of the United States, the Republican Party’s presidential nominee revealed that he is a member of a growing population known generally as flat earth truthers."
51,229,Procter & Gamble Release One Of The Most Racist Commercials Ever Attacking White People… Let’s Boycott,http://anews-24.com/2017/08/02/procter-gamble-release-one-of-the-most-racist-commercials-ever-attacking-white-people-lets-boycott/,"In an outrageous attempt to sell more soap and household cleaning products to the American-American community, Procter & Gamble decided to produce a commercial attacking white Americans and reinforcing racial biases against blacks. The commercial, called “The Talk,” features a series of black parents telling their children how white people are racist and the system is designed to work against them."
52,174,"Los Angeles Police: 12 White Female Bodies in Garage Freezer Tagged, “Black Lives Matter”",http://now8news.com/garage-freezer-black-lives-matter/,"The Los Angeles Police Department came across a gruesome discovery today when several neighbors called concerned about suspicious activity at a home in their neighborhood. Several 911 calls directed police to the 800 block of Woodland Avenue on Wednesday morning. Upon arriving at the scene, police knocked on the door to be greeted by a man who seemed “under the influence of drugs.” Upon further investigation, they found 12 White Female Bodies in Garage Freezer Tagged, Black Lives Matter."
53,248,BREAKING: Ben Carson Finds $516.4 BILLION of Mismanaged Funds...Media Silent,http://thenewyorkevening.com/2017/04/08/breaking-ben-carson-finds-516-4-billion-mismanaged-funds-media-silent/,Housing and Urban Development Secretary Ben Carson has gotten down to business.
54,449,Edward Snowden: Osama Bin Laden is Still Alive Living in the Bahamas,http://www.anonjekloy.tk/2017/03/edward-snowden-osama-bin-laden-is-still.html,"ANON JEKLOY  10:29:00 PM   BREAKINGNEWS  , featured  , hotnewsanonymous"
55,228,Marquis Blackman Had A Secret Journal And It Could DESTROY Obama,http://anews-24.com/2017/09/13/breaking-marquis-blackman-had-a-secret-journal-and-it-could-destroy-obama/,"As you have probably heard by now, Barack Obama’s former butler died in the hospital under what officials say are “suspicious circumstances” following a brutal attack that seems to be a punishment for talking to the FBI."
56,49,Obama Attached A ‘Personal Message’ To The Letter He Wrote To Trump,http://ourlandofthefree.com/2017/09/the-news-would-never-tell-you-such-a-thing/,"Senior Correspondent Art Tubolls reports from the White House that the letter released to the media from former President Obama to President Trump is an incomplete, watered down version presented by the fake news media:"
58,17,Obama’s Birth Brother Breaks Silence – Reveals Barack’s True Identity,http://usinfonews.com/index.php/2017/07/12/obamas-birth-brother-breaks-silence-reveals-baracks-true-identity/,"Rumors have been spreading for years that Barack Obama was actually born in Kenya and that his Hawaiian birth certificate is a fraud. Though Obama has always denied being born in Africa, his own brother Malik just betrayed him… Obama never saw this coming… Malik Obama has been vocal about his lack of support for his brother Barack Obama. Of course, this must be a huge bone contention for the former president who claims to be a great unifier and family man. Often we have heard Obama say how much his family means to him, but that is obvious it does not include Malik. For instance, earlier this year Malik Obama tweeted Barack Obama’s alleged real birth certificate, with the name Barack Hussein Obama II, from a hospital in Kenya. Now, we cannot verify the document is real, but here is the Twitter post concerning the document."
59,272,Elton John will play at Trump’s inauguration,http://americafans.com/index.php/elton-john-will-play-trumps-inauguration/,"Elton John will perform at Donald Trump’s initiation, asserted a key guide, who championed the extremely rich person as the main president ever to go into the White House with a “master gay rights” position."
60,216,Newport Introduces “Marijuana Cigarettes” That will Go On Sale Worldwide Next Year,http://viralactions.com/newport-introduces-marijuana-cigarettes-that-will-go-on-sale-worldwide-next-year/,"Newport Cigarettes, one of the world’s most popular cigarette brands, announced today that they will join the marijuana legalization trend and start producing marijuana cigarettes. Marketed under the brand ‘Newport Nirvana’, the cigarettes will be made available for sale through marijuana-licensed outlets in the state of Colorado, and the state of Washington."
64,110,Trump Sends Feds In To Raid NY’s Islamberg After 2 DECADES – Uncover America’s WORST Nightmare,http://www.redrocktribune.com/feds-raid-nys-islamberg/,NEW YORK’S ISLAMBERG HAS BEEN ON THE RADAR FOR TERRORISTIC ACTIVITY FOR DECADES BUT LAW OFFICIALS NEVER HAD A REASON FOR A SEARCH WARRANT.
65,348,INTEL INSTITUTE: MELANIA TRUMP HAS THE HIGHEST IQ OF ANY FIRST LADY IN AMERICAN HISTORY,,This post was written by Shelby Carella
66,102,Roger Stone Blames Obama For The Possibility Of Trump Having Alzheimer’s Because “His Attacks On The President Caused Severe Stress”,,"The whispers are growing louder that President Donald Trump may be suffering some sort of mental decline and cognitive impairment – and his longtime pal Roger Stone thinks it’s a conspiracy. MSNBC’s Joe Scarborough, who has known the president for years, has been suggesting on air that Trump is suffering from mental decline and possibly even dementia. Stone, who has known the president for decades and claims to remain in close contact, told InfoWars founder Alex Jones the concerns about Trump’s mental state were part of a plot to remove him from the White House, reported Mediaite. “They are going to claim that Donald Trump has Alzheimer’s…and that is the source of his insanity,” Stone told Jones."
67,217,Fort Wayne Man Dressed As Clown Shot In Head; Condition Critical,http://viralactions.com/fort-wayne-man-dressed-as-clown-shot-in-head-condition-critical/,"(Dailyfinesser) FORT WAYNE, INDIANA – A man dressed as a clown was shot on the city’s south side midday Sunday. The shooting was reported just after 10:30 p.m. Sunday at 4801 Plaza Dr."
68,177,New Government Program Provides FREE GAS CARDS To Welfare Recipients,http://now8news.com/welfare-gas/,"First it was Obama Care, Obama Phones, Obama Weed and now Obama Gas. Yes, you heard that right. The White House has quietly used a provision in the law to roll out a nationwide program of free gas for the poor. According to The Detroit News, the Obama administration is using its authority under the Affordable Care Act to “improve transportation routes to hospitals”. This would make it possible for welfare recipients to receive these preloaded gas cards. This is a $2 billion a year program that will distribute 40 million gallons of gasoline for FREE each year. It will be dispensed at any gas station that participates in the program by accepting this form of payment. The Department of Health and Human Services (DHHS) will be operating the network.  Over 3,000 gas stations in 38 states have been approved to accept this payment in their stores.Dori Salcido, assistant DHHS Sec. for Public Affairs explained, “It is not something we are publicizing very much, for obvious reasons. But under the law we are well within our rights to offer this service and we think it’s good public policy. How are people supposed to get to the doctors office if they don’t have gas in their cars? Health insurance is worthless if you can’t make it to your appointments. This is just another fine example of government stepping in and solving big problems.”This type of program has worked well in oil-rich nations like Venezuela and Indonesia where they subsidize gas for the poor. However, this practice has never been tried here in the United States. This is causing much controversy with some taxpayers who are upset to see their money subsidizing others. One taxpayer, Ross Blake, shared his thoughts, “So basically I’m being punished for not living in the ghetto. I have three kids and a mortgage. Life isn’t cheap for me either. I could use some free gasoline too.” A person like Blake will unlikely be able to use this service card“Access to this gas card is determined by income,” says Ebony Jackson, a caseworker at he Department of Health and Human Services. “If you are receiving food stamps or cash assistance from the government, you will be approved. All you need to do is apply. The card will supply anywhere from $50 per month to $150 per month in free gas depending on the individual’s income. If they have no income, benefits will max out at $250 per month. This will help the unemployed person go to and from job interview.” The gas card scandal was uncovered by Nolan Finley, a conservative Detroit News columnist widely known for his groundbreaking exposé on Obama Phones. Finley says, “There is a blatant economical bias in the program and that is only one of its many outrageous aspects. The President is only trying to increase his popularity. This is something you normally only see in Third World countries. I’ve never been more scared for our democracy.”"
69,139,TRUMP KNOCKED UNCONSCIOUS BY MUSLIM MAN POSING AS FOX NEWS REPORTER,http://actionnews3.com/trump-knocked-unconscious-muslim-man-posing-fox-news-reporter/,A radical Muslim who attempted to kill a Christian pastor earlier this month was arrested for an attack on President Donald Trump.
70,564,Intel Institute: Melania Trump has the highest IQ of any First Lady in American History,http://prntly.com/2017/01/24/intel-institute-melania-trump-has-the-highest-iq-of-any-first-lady-in-american-history/,"Melania Trump, the beautiful wife of President Trump, isn’t just a beautiful model that is a great role model to young women, but she is also the smartest. Melania Trump speaks a shocking 5 languages. That’s 4 more than Michelle Obama, and 2 more than Jacky Kennedy, who used her knowledge of French and Italian to help JFK negotiate with leaders across the Globe. Melania knows Serbian, Slovenian, German, French, and English. She knows a bit of a lot of different languages. She grew up in communist Yugoslavia and speaks five languages. Slovene, English, French, Serbian and German, if you want to know. That linguistic prowess could come in handy at White House functions, but it has been suggested her thick accent is the reason she makes few public speeches alongside her immigrant-bashing husband. Melania was raised away from the glamour of New York high society in a concrete tower block in then Yugoslavia during the rule of Marshal Josip Tito. Now that her husband has become president, Melania is the first first lady to be born in a communist nation and only the second to be born abroad, after Louisa Adams, the English wife of sixth president John Quincy, who served from 1825 to 1829. Melania’s home country appears to believe her rise to the White House could be an opportunity to increase its own standing in the world. Tiny Slovenia, with its population of two million, has positioned itself as a possible mediator between the US and Russia. Russian President Vladimir Putin, who rarely makes trips to western states, has visited Slovenia twice and the two nations have a comfortable relationship with one another. Prime Minister Miro Cerar told the Associated Press last year: “If the United States and Russia give some initiative in this way, Slovenia could become a bridge between the two powers. Donald’s apparent soft spot for Russia may mean Slovenia’s services are not required. However, Cerar said he had spoken to Melania in a phone call following the Trump election victory, both chatting in their native tongue. Intel scholars have proven her IQ is the highest based on her self made fortune and her knowledge of many languages. She’s also the best looking first lady in history."
71,477,New Financial Scandal Leads To James Comey,https://www.clear-politics.com/2017/06/08/new-financial-scandal-leads-james-comey/,"According to the newest evidence, James Comey was appointed as the director of the FBI, by former President Barack Obama, only because he wants to hide the corruption of the Clinton family."
72,176,Trump Signs Law To Lower The Age Of Consensual Sex To 13 Years Of Age,http://now8news.com/trump-signs-law-lower-age-consensual-sex-13-years-age/,"Washington, D.C. – An announcement was made on Wednesday by the Trump Administration which states a new law that will take effect January 2, 2018 and Americans are shocked and disappointed. According to the announcement, the law concerning the age of consent will be changed across all 50 states and D.C. Currently the law varies in each state with the age of consent being 16, 17, and 18 years old with age provisions and mistake of age defense clauses. Currently, according to lawyers and court officials across the US, these varying laws cause confusion from state to state. This new law is looking to create a uniformed, understood age of consent factor across the entire country. The lowered age of consent means that an individual can have sex with whomever they wish as long as that person is consenting and they are the same age or older. To have sex with someone under the age of consent is a strict liability crime known as statutory rape. It is often referred to by other names such as sexual assault, sexual misconduct with a child, etc. Many states have age-gap provisions that legalize teen sexuality as long as they are within a certain age range. This new law will do away with that age-gap provision. In all states, dating, hugging, holding hands and kissing are not illegal. In some states, fondling, groping through close or other such things known as “third-base” is illegal. This new law will make any and all contact legal as long as the child is 13 years of age or older. Now that they have done away with the age-gap provision, a 19-year-old boy can legally have sex with a 13-year-old girl without suffering any legal consequences as long as they both consent to the act."
73,10,New Document Reveals Lynch Instructed Comey to Cover-up For Hillary,http://president45donaldtrump.com/1-9892-2/,"VIA| Ah, the infamous tarmac meeting.  You know…the one in which former Attorney General Loretta Lynch met with Bill Clinton…in her airplane…at the Phoenix Airport?  The one after which many people suspected that a “deal” had gone down to get Hillary off the hook? Well…according to a report in the NY Times, FBI Director James Comey may have been in the same corner as those of us who had concerns about Lynch’s objectivity and political bias towards Clinton. From NY Times: At the meeting, everyone agreed that Mr. Comey should not reveal details about the Clinton investigation. But Ms. Lynch told him to be even more circumspect: Do not even call it an investigation, she said, according to three people who attended the meeting. Call it a “matter.”"
74,374,CHILD SUPPORT SAID TO END BY BEGINNING OF 2018,http://www.breakingnews365.net/59c367c183049/child-support-said-to-end-by-beginning-of-2018.html,President Donald Trump and U.S. Congress voted yesterday on a bill that could change the world. Child support claims have said to come to an end and many officials are not happy about it.
75,338,Why Didnt FBI Dir James Comey Prosecute Hillary? Maybe this $6 Million Connection Will Explain,http://newsfeedobserver.com/why-didnt-fbi-dir-james-comey-prosecute-hillary/,"By Ian Fortey Ian Fortey May 21, 2017 79,678 views"
76,71,CLINTON'S ASSISTANT J. W. MCGILL IS FOUND DEAD,https://www.geopolitica.ru/en/news/clintons-assistant-j-w-mcgill-found-dead,"Friday, 21 April, 2017 - 12:33 Johnston Wilson McGill, 34, was pronounced dead on his couch by a private doctor after suffering an apparent heart attack. It has happened just days after being summoned to appear before Trey Gowdy’s congressional committee to testify about Hillary Clinton’s email server. McGill was one of Clinton's aides. The death was reported hapanned at her home of “natural causes.” A spokesman for Clinton’s former campaign said that Huma Abedin, Clinton’s deputy campaign coordinator, found McGill when she stopped by for coffee to discuss Clinton’s plans for a run for Mayor of New York. Trey  Gowdy’s office had no official statement but his top aide, Mandy Gonsales, said that the committee isn’t happy with the circumstances of McGill’s death or the fact that his own doctor was summoned to pronounce. Abedin says she called the private doctor because she hoped he could save her friend. There will be no autopsy on the body, which will be cremated before sunset in accordance with his religion. McGill is the single son of deceased parents and has no family. No services are planned. Does this whole thing seem a little bit odd to anyone else? It feels oddly like we’ve seen things like this happen before to people who could possibly incriminate Hillary Clinton. Unfortunately, as the doctor who pronounced has an impeccable record and is an authorized coroner in new York, the findings will be accepted and entered into public record."
77,221,'FORCE BEHIND THE MOTION' EXPERIMENTS PROVE 9/11 WAS A CONTROLLED DEMOLITION,http://www.disclose.tv/action/viewvideo/234141/force_behind_the_motion_experiments_prove_911_was_a_controlled_demolition/,"Not one of the many experiments in this video has confirmed a real model demonstrating the smooth downward accelerations observed during the towers fall, using gravity alone."
78,205,US Begs Russia For “Mercy” In Syria After Germany Opens American War Crime Investigation,http://www.whatdoesitmean.com/index2386.htm,"By: Sorcha Faal, and as reported to her Western Subscribers"
79,98,Coroner: Body Isnt Her  Hillary Clinton Faked Her Own Death,,"Hillary Clinton is gone. No, not deadjust gone. By the time"
80,171,"WV School Hires Muslim Principal Who Says ‘Sharia Is And Will Be The Law,’ Parents Furious",https://worldpoliticsnow.com/2017/08/wv-school-hires-muslim-principal-says-sharia-will-law-parents-furious/,"A grade school in Bluefield, West Virginia is under fire for hiring a Muslim supremacist who thinks Sharia law will one day rule America."
81,358,BREAKING: Conservative Icon Ted Nugent Killed In Hunting Accident,https://worldpoliticsnow.com/2017/05/breaking-conservative-icon-ted-nugent-killed-in-hunting-accident/,"Ted Nugent, 70’s rocker turned hunting guide and conservative icon, was shot and killed early this morning in a tragic hunting accident. While setting up his tree stand just outside a wildlife reserve in Montana, Nugent was fired on and hit in the chest by a hunter with a scope nearly a quarter of a mile away who believed he was a brown bear."
82,368,Whaaaat? Trump Chief Was Wiretapped Both Before and After the Election!,http://dailysurge.com/2017/09/whaaaat-trump-wiretapped-election/,"After months of the Obama Administration and the entire left wing media complex denying it, the truth comes out. Its UNBELIEVABLE or PREDICTABLE depending on present company."
83,372,Obama Spied On Trump! One Of The Few Real Journalists Shares Her Experience With Wiretapping!,https://www.usapoliticstoday.com/attkisson-obama-wiretapping-trump/,"Most of the mainstream press is obsessed with attempting to cover ex – President Barack Obama and his employees that spied on many people doing work for Donald Trump campaign, however, not everyone. One reporter who still knows what her occupation should really be about is Sharyl Attkisson."
85,212,Trump Wins Dangerous “Pakistan Gambit” That Spells “Total Doom” For US Democratic Party,http://www.whatdoesitmean.com/index2384.htm,An intriguing Foreign Intelligence Service (SVR) report circulating in the Kremlin today reveals that President Donald Trump has pulled off one the most dangerous “gambit deals” [an action entailing a degree of risk calculated to gain an advantage] ever attempted in modern American political history when he pitted a $225 million military aid package to Pakistan against that nation’s Inter-Services Intelligence (IS) spy agency to pressure them into agreeing to immediately surrender a Pakistani woman to US authorities—and whose testimony could very well spell the “total doom” of the entire American Democratic Party.  [Note: Some words and/or phrases appearing in quotes in this report are English language approximations of Russian words/phrases having no exact counterpart.]
86,396,Feinstein: We Can’t Increase Immigration Enforcement Because No One Will Pick Our Fruit,http://xbn-news.com/index.php/2017/08/06/feinstein-cant-increase-immigration-enforcement-no-one-will-pick-fruit/,California Sen. Dianne Feinstein warned that President Donald Trump’s immigration plan would severely cripple the agriculture industry in a Wednesday evening interview.
87,563,Uncovered: Trump Pays For Florida Boy’s Open Heart Surgery At Arnold Palmer Hospital,http://prntly.com/2016/10/23/uncovered-trump-pays-for-florida-boys-open-heart-surgery-at-arnold-palmer-hospital/,"The 79-year-old was joined by Donald Trump, Chairman and CEO of the Trump Organization, and Stewart Rahr – President and CEO of Kinray Inc – for the tour, and the pair surprised the philanthropic golfer by presenting him with a donation for $350,000."
88,56,BREAKING: Julian Assange Found Dead In London Alley,https://www.dailyinfobox.com/2017/04/13/breaking-julian-assange-found-dead-london-alley/,"After being kidnapped from the Ecuadorian embassy in the early morning hours, Julian Assange’s body was found tossed away like garbage in a London alley. Investigators from Scotland Yard are currently working with MI5 and the United States FBI to figure out exactly what transpired here today."
91,432,Chinese Lunar Rover Finds No Evidence Of American Moon Landings!,http://www.revolutions2040.com/chinese-lunar-rover-finds-no-evidence-american-moon-landings/,"Chinese Lunar Rover Finds No Evidence Of American Moon Landings!: A new scandal has happened after high ranking officials from the Chinese space program called the American moon landing “a complete hoax”, the Beijing Daily Express reports. The claims came after the Chinese moon rover allegedly couldn’t find any proof of American landings on the Moon. The rover took thousands of photos and after analyzing them the Chinese discovered that there’s no trace of these moon landings. Now the Chinese space program has launched a petition, already signed by 200 of its high-ranking officials, demanding explanation from the US government and the release of classified NASA information which will finally put an end to all the speculations and give definitive proof of the American moon landings. Or maybe it was just an elaborate hoax with the sole purpose to fool the world about its space program capabilities. Whatever the case they need to come forward and speak the truth. The petition has been signed by world-renowned nuclear engineer, Yury Ignatyevich Mukhin, and numbers of other prominent Russian engineers and ex-KGB agents. They’re all saying that the Russian government “has always been aware of the situation since the early 1970s”. The claims are favored by conspiracy theorists who have tried to convince the public for decades that the USA hasn’t ever landed on the Moon. The landing was just an elaborate plan to trick Russia into believing they are further ahead in the space race."
92,373,Hillary Clinton Was Caught Giving $800.00 To Fund Antifa!!,http://freshdaily.news/hillary-clinton-was-caught-giving-800-00-to-fund-antifa/,"Hillary plagued by scandals as she never learned her lesson. This woman was caught in a domestic terrorist funding scheme. It was pretty clear to all of us that Soros and his cohorts control the Antifa, we saw the Antifa paychecks and we witness that all pro-socialist oriented groups use the same narrative and have the same attitude, but nobody expected that the sore loser Hillary is still involved is flash mobs and domestic terrorism."
93,399,George Soros Furious After Cops Shut Down Lethal Trap He Set For Trump Supporters In Arizona,http://www.nationalinsiderpolitics.com/2017/08/25/george-soros-furious-cops-shut-lethal-trap-set-trump-supporters-arizona/,The bad news is nobody lives forever.
95,397,BREAKING: Congress Just Outlawed Barack Obama! This Is Huge!,http://www.nationalinsiderpolitics.com/2017/08/15/breaking-congress-just-outlawed-barack-obama-huge/,"With a decisive move made in order to return our country on the right track and to get rid of Obama’s shadow government, our Congress sent an emergency bill to Donald Trump to outlaw Obama’s Deep State."
96,42,"BREAKING: Islam Prohibited In Public Schools, Supreme Court Voted… Thanks To Trump",http://americanprides.com/2017/08/15/breaking-islam-prohibited-in-public-schools-supreme-court-voted-thanks-to-trump-2/,"hen then-candidate Donald Trump spoke at rallies and discussed the importance of electing a conservative Supreme Court Justice could be nominated, the left was oblivious to how important that single issue was. Conservatives recognized that America was at risk if Democrats kept the power.Recently, the full panel of 9 justices came together for the first time to decide the fate of Islam being taught within our public school system. The decision shows just how close we came to disaster. The 5-4 ruling ultimately decided that Sharia Law or any ideology that contradicts basic human rights will not be taught in America’s public schools.This shows just how important the election of President Trump was and his decision to appoint Judge Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court.“The government certainly has no business being involved in religion, but this isn’t a government issue or a religious issue,” Gorsuch said in a statement. “This is about the judicial branch interpreting the laws as they apply to the teaching of religion. We should be teaching any religions in this country besides standard Judaeo-Christianity, as our founders wanted, and we certainly shouldn’t be filling the children with lies about Islam being a ‘religion of peace’ when they see the carnage on the news almost every day.”Gorsuch cast the tie-breaking vote that decided that only the “true historical account” of Islamic history would be taught in the classroom."
97,547,Pelosi Daughters Drug Arrest: They Gave Up More Than Just Their Mom-More Arrests Coming,http://newsfeedhunter.com/pelosi-daughters-drug-arrest-they-gave-up-more-than-just-their-mom-more-arrests-coming/,The DEA is working closely with the US Justice Department and the FBI to obtain arrest warrants for “three prominent members of a major political family.” The arrests would have something to do with the drug trafficking empire the Pelosis have been running out of their pool house.
98,9,President Trump Signed An Executive Order That Prevents Illegals From Using Welfare.,http://president45donaldtrump.com/0-23-0/,"VIA| Illegal immigrants do NOT have the same rights as American citizens. Illegal immigrants came here illegally and than collect welfare paid for by taxpayers money because Barack Obama didn’t seem to have a problem with it. President Trump doesn’t agree with this and has therefore signed an executive order stating no illegal will be eligible for welfare and any currently enrolled will be removed from the country. Via USA Politics Today: President Trump signed an executive order according to which any illegal who lives on welfare will be sent home. And that’s not all. America will no longer accept people who come here to live on our expense. These people will no longer be able to enter the country. “The administration would be seeking to “deny admission to any alien who is likely to become a public charge” and develop standards for “determining” whether an immigrant can be deported after five years, if that person receives a certain amount of public assistance, including Food Stamps, Temporary Assistance for Needy Families (TANF), and Medicaid.” Welfare was designed to help Americans, end of story."
99,382,Richmond Begins Mass Relocation of Low Income Blacks To Decrease City Poverty Rate,http://www.react365.com/5937926875fad/richmond-begins-mass-relocation-of-low-income-blacks-to-decrease-city-poverty-rate.html,"In a move heralded by the Trump administration Richmond, Virginia joins 26 other municipalities in delivering thousands of forced eviction and relocation notices to low income residents."
100,8,BREAKING STUDY PROVES TRUMP WAS RIGHT … EVERY CITIZEN VOTER Has Been BETRAYED!,http://president45donaldtrump.com/breaking-study-proves-trump-right-every-citizen-voter-betrayed/,"Results from a new study concluded that millions of non-citizens could have voted in the 2008 presidential election, suggesting that President Donald Trump’s claim that more than 3 million illegal alien voters cost him the popular vote in November might be accurate. After reviewing post-election polling data, New Jersey research group Just Facts announced that the number of non-citizens voting illegally is considerably more than previous estimates, the Washington Times reported. In fact, as many as 5.7 million non-citizens may have voted in the 2008 election that gave Barack Obama his first term in the White House. Just Facts, a non-profit research and educational institute, estimated that as many as 7.9 million non-citizens illegally registered in 2008 and somewhere between 594,000 to 5.7 million actually voted in that year’s presidential election. So much for Democrats’ claim that voter fraud doesn’t exist. Oddly enough, these numbers are in line with Trump’s claim about what might have happened in 2016. Trump, who faced merciless ridicule for his claim that millions of illegal-alien voters cost him the nationwide popular vote last November, might have been closer to the truth that even he realized. If it turns out that Trump was right, then what we have at the heart of this study is the betrayal of every American voter. Because every vote cast illegally can nullify a vote cast by an American citizen, and dilute the entire electoral process. A system that allows it is betraying American democracy, and every voter should be furious about it. In May, Trump signed an executive order that established a commission to investigate voter fraud. The Presidential Commission on Election Integrity will review Trump’s allegations as well as “systemic issues that have been raised over many years in terms of the integrity of the elections.” There’s no telling what the commission will find, but if it reports that our voting system is indeed as broken as these numbers suggest, then we need to know so we can begin the process of fixing it."
102,560,Trump consoles Jehovah's Witnesses on Russia ban as he worships with them,http://ab.cnewsgo.com/trump-consoles-jehovahs-witnesses-on-russia-ban-as-he-worships-with-them/,"WASHINGTON DC  President Donald Trump, Vice President Mike Pence and their wives attended Thursday evening meeting of Jehovahs Witnesses in Washington D.C."
103,220,"Candy Flavored Meth For Kids Approved By FDA, Despite Side Effects Like Heart Attacks",http://viralactions.com/candy-flavored-meth-for-kids-approved-by-fda-despite-side-effects-like-heart-attacks/,Now it’s even easier (and tastier) for children to become addicted to drugs.
104,170,Trump Has Fired Muslim Sharia Judge Arrested And Charged,https://worldpoliticsnow.com/2017/08/breaking-trump-fired-muslim-sharia-judge-arrested-charged/,"As it turns out, in Donald Trump’s America, you can’t just go declaring religious laws from pagan countries that hate us to be legal if you sit on the federal judiciary. 22nd Circuit Court of Appeals Judge Hassan al-Hallamallala-Smith — an Obama nominee in 2009 — was taken into federal custody by the FBI for breaking the oath he took to uphold the Constitution."
105,99,BREAKING: FBI Raids Clinton Foundation,,The FBIs BHEM task force is currently in the midst of an
106,195,"103,000 Muslims In Michigan Just Got AWFUL NEWS – Watch How They React",,http://donaldtrumpnews.co/news/103000-muslims-michigan-just-got-awful-news-watch-react/
107,72,Breaking: Attorney General Jeff Sessions To Be Disbarred After Complaint Filed By Thousands Of Lawyers,http://democraticreview.com/breaking-attorney-general-jeff-sessions-to-be-disbarred-after-complaint-filed-by-thousands-of-lawyers/,"A group of attorneys from across America have just filed a complaint with the Bar Association against Trump’s Attorney General Sen. Jeff Sessions. According to the complaint, Sessions has already committed four different types of professional misconduct during his time as Attorney General. The Alabama Reporter  wrote, “Almost 2,000 attorneys from across the US have signed on to a complaint addressed to the Alabama State Bar Disciplinary Committee asking that Attorney General Jeff Session be disbarred from the Alabama State Bar.” Moreoever, Massachusetts attorney J. Whitefield Larrabee also filed a complaint with the Bar Association of Alabama accompanied by a complaint to the U.S. Department of Justice. The four complaints from the 2,000 lawyers to the Alabama Bar are below. “(1) An affirmative misrepresentation of fact under oath during testimony in Mr. Sessions’ Senate confirmation process, specifically to a question propounded by Senator Al Franken. (2) During Mr. Sessions’ US Senate confirmation hearing, failure to disclose significant facts material to an issue of national significance, that is, contacts with the Russian government during the presidential election. (3) Perjury committed during Mr. Sessions’ Senate confirmation hearing. (4) As Attorney General, withholding information about his own discussions with a representative of the Russian government, all while overseeing investigations into Russian interference with the US electoral process and Trump-Russia ties.” Larrabee also pointed out, “Jeff Sessions is now subject to more complaints than any lawyer in the history of the United States.” Larrabee also stated: “The dishonest acts that are substantiated in these Bar complaints indicate that Sessions cannot continue to properly perform his responsibilities without damaging the integrity of the Department of Justice.  The Department is a vitally important institution in our democracy.” “If Sessions does not immediately resign, it is the duty of President Trump to fire him.” Do you agree with Larrabee?"
108,194,BREAKING: Obama Emerges – Makes INFURIATING Announcement,,http://donaldtrumpnews.co/news/breaking-obama-emerges-makes-infuriating-announcement/
109,383,Richmond cop kills 3-yr old baby on Chamberlayne during shootout,http://www.react365.com/593772260076e/richmond-cop-kills-3-yr-old-baby-on-chamberlayne-during-shootout.html,"There was a shootout today involving 2 suspects with felonious assault warrants. During the gunfire, apparently the cops bullet penetrated"
110,211,Perjury! 100% Proof Comey Lied to Congress,https://conservativepost.com/perjury-100-proof-comey-lied-to-congress/,18 U.S. Code § 1621 – Perjury generally
113,359,"15 Dead, 400 Hospitalized in San Diego After Illegals’ Disturbing Labor Day Surprise!",https://www.usapoliticstoday.com/san-diego-illegals-labor-day/,"Officials in the liberal southern California city of San Diego, have declared a state of emergency during the popular vacation weekend for the tourist town. Prior to admitting the problem believed to have been caused by illegal aliens in the area, fifteen people died and a whopping 400 are hospitalized."
114,398,BOMBSHELL: Obama SWEATING BULLETS! Trump Wasn’t The Only One OBAMA Was Tapping! He Could Face PRISON For This!,http://www.nationalinsiderpolitics.com/2017/08/23/bombshell-obama-sweating-bullets-trump-wasnt-one-obama-tapping-face-prison/,"Holy guacamole! Donald Trump and his campaign staff were not the only people Barack Obama’s National Security Agency were listening in on. In fact, they were listening to thousands of celebrities and politicians, athletes and business people, and they were listening to someone you know very very well. YOURSELF! They were listening to YOU! (VIDEO BELOW)"
115,173,"Melania Trump Files for Divorce, “I Didn’t Sign Up For This”",http://now8news.com/melania-trump-files-divorce/,"The world is in shock over the weekend after sources close to Donald and Melania Trump confirm that Melania filed for divorce over the weekend. The Slovenia born model has voiced concerns over her role as the First Lady of the United States, claiming that she “Didn’t sign up for this.” Sources close to the couple say Melania is not prepared to be ridiculed for the next four years over her immigration status, accent and her husbands infidelities. “She’s been very upset ever since Donald announced he was running for president last year,” said a woman close to the family. “She wanted a role as a kept woman, not as a woman in charge of being a role model in this country. She is also not prepared to leave her luxurious lifestyle to live in a home as old as the White House. She thinks that the decor is despicable and beyond repair.” This comes on the heels of Donald Trump’s announcement that he only wants to live in the White House part-time, in a desperate attempt to save his marriage. However, even a part-time residence in the “worn down White House” is still not acceptable for the soon to be First Lady. “She is not used to living in these types of accommodations,” said the source. “She’d be better off just to divorce him, get her child support and alimony, and go on with her life.”"
116,433,Australia Becomes World’s Most Microchipped Nation,http://www.revolutions2040.com/australia-becomes-worlds-microchipped-nation/,"(YNW)   Australia Becomes World’s Most Microchipped Nation: Australia has become the first widely microchipped nation, with Australians readily parting with $150 of their own money to pay for “fashionable” microchips under their skin – without stopping to think of the consequences. Mainstream media in the US has been waging a propaganda campaign trying to normalize the idea of microchips for humans, airing reports claiming that children will be microchipped “sooner rather than later” and that Americans will accept this because it will make their children “safer.“ But while Americans remain wary about the idea of microchips for humans, the campaign to normalize microchips has been so successful in Australia that people with RFID microchips permanently embedded in their bodies now consider them as “another organ of the body” and boast that they can use them as “loyalty cards in stores” and “receive discounts.” The only catch is that these slaves of fashion don’t know exactly what has been put into their body. They also can’t be sure who has access to their personal data. If history repeats, human microchips will go from being technology adopted for its “convenience and safety” and then overnight will become mandatory for you and your family – or else. News.com.au reports: It may sound like sci-fi, but hundreds of Australians are turning themselves into “super-humans” who can unlock doors, turn on lights and log into computers with a wave of the hand. Shanti Korporaal, from Sydney, is at the center of the phenomenon after having two implants inserted under her skin. Now she can get in to work and her car without carrying a card or keys and says her ultimate goal is to completely do away with her wallet and cards. “You set up your life so you never have to worry about any password or PINs”, she said.“It’s the same technology as Paypass, so I’m hoping you’ll be able to pay for things with it.” The microchips, which are the size of a grain of rice, can act like a business card and transfer contact details to smartphones, and hold complex medical data. Advocates claim that in the future microchips will even release medication into your body. Shanti has had some messages from conservative Christians on Facebook telling her she’s going to hell, but the reaction has mainly been one of intrigue. “My nana wants one,” laughs Shanti. “I’ve had more opposition to my tattoos than I’ve ever had to the chip. My friends are jealous.” When the 27-year-old realized just how coveted the implants were, she set up a distribution service called Chip My Life with her husband, Skeeve Stevens. It costs between $80 and $140 depending on the sophistication of the technology, and (while you can do it at home) they work with doctors who charge $150 to insert the implant. “They do minor surgery, Botox and so on,” says Shanti. “They give you a local, an injection and a quick ultrasound to make sure it’s in place.” The biohacking couple both have RFID (radio-frequency identification) chips in their left hands and NFC (near-field communication) chips in the right. The implant is almost impossible to spot, leaving a mark as small as a freckle. Shanti is appearing at today’s Sydney launch of cyborg-themed video game Deus Ex Mankind Divided alongside US implantable technology pioneer Amal Graafstra. Amal considers himself a guinea-pig for human augmentation, making headlines in the US last week with a prototype of the world’s first implant-activated smart gun. He became one of the world’s first RFID implantees in 2005, and has since founded an online store to sell the “at home” kits to people who want to “upgrade their body”. He’s written a book, spoken at TEDx and appeared in documentaries. “On a psychological level, this is completely different to a smartphone or a Fitbit, because it goes in you,” he said. “Your kidneys are working hard but you’re not thinking about them, it’s not something you have to manage. “It’s given me the ability to communicate with machines. It’s literally integrated into who I am.” He is aware of the ethical and security concerns but points this is simply a case of “computing in the body.” Rather than worry about people being forced to be microchipped, he’s now busy advocating for the rights of citizens who use them. He believes the destruction of the chip could in some cases classify as assault (as with a pacemaker) and other dangers might be governments forcibly extracting implants or data from them. “I want to make sure it’s treated as part of the body, like an organ,” he says. One firm in Sweden has allowed employees to choose chips over a work pass, with 400 taking up the offer, but Amal says he more often hears from interested individuals who want to try it out. “At the moment, it’s mainly access — house, computer motorcycle. But in the future, there’s the potential to use it for transit, payment. You could get rid of your keys and maybe your wallet.” Other uses might include children tapping to let parents know they are at school safely, refugees checking in at camps or women at shelters. It can share diet, exercise and sleep information with you and your doctor, and the next generation could even release medicine as and when you need it. For Shanti, adding an extra dimension to life is a childhood fantasy come true. “Ever since watching movies like the Terminator, Matrix and Minority Report I wondered if we could actually live like that. I always wondered why we all weren’t living as ‘super-humans’.”"
119,370,BREAKING: Crowd Gathered Outside Hospital Cheers As Hillary Takes Her Last Breath,http://wazanews.tk/2017/07/22/breaking-crowd-gathered-outside-hospital-cheers-hillary-takes-last-breath/,"Hillary Clinton’s third heart attack this afternoon left her with no hope for survival. Shortly after Chelsea showed up to say goodbye and Bill was spotted on his front porch with a Bloody Mary, the crowd was informed that Clinton had taken her last breath and began cheering."
120,94,Obama HAVE A Mistress! And She Is PREGNANT! (Picture),http://americanflavor.news/2017/06/26/obama-have-a-mistress-she-is-pregnant/,The character of previous president Barack Obama’s pregnant fancy woman has been uncovered.
121,235,Married Christians Divorcing In Protest Of Gay Marriage,http://civictribune.com/married-christians-divorcing-protest-gay-marriage/,"Christian couples, some who have been married for over 20 years, are getting divorced in droves after the Supreme Court’s decision to all gays to be married. This is said to be in protest to a government that does not respect their religious rights, and a minority that has encroached on one of their time honored traditions."
122,546,BREAKING: Body Pulled From Clinton Guest House Fire Identified,http://newsfeedhunter.com/body-pulled-from-clinton-guest-house-fire-identified/,"The body pulled from the complete devastation of the Clinton Estate guest house in Chappaqua, New York has been identified as 26-year-old Melinda Hagliarty of Ossippee, a town just down the road. How she got into the Clintons’ guest home and why she ended up dead are still unknown."
123,204,Just In : President Trump Makes Major White House Change That Has Even Libs Speechless,https://conservativepost.com/just-in-president-trump-makes-major-white-house-change-that-has-even-libs-speechless/,"President Trump promised fiscal responsibility within government, using tax-payer monies wisely."
124,142,BREAKING: Hillary Clinton Has Third Heart Attack-Docs Says She ‘Won’t Survive’,http://wazanews.tk/2017/07/22/breaking-hillary-clinton-third-heart-attack-docs-says-wont-survive/,You probably read the news earlier. It’s gotten worse for her and better for America.
125,143,PRO-LIFERS DECLARE “EJACULATION IS MURDER: EVERY SPERM CELL IS A LIFE”,http://actionnews3.com/pro-lifers-declare-ejaculation-murder-every-sperm-cell-life/,"The pro-life movement in the United States has long advocated their stance that human life begins at conception and that the human fetus is a person and therefore has a right to live. However, a new argument has taken flight over the last month that is taking the abortion debate to the next level. The variety in opinion on the issue of abortion is reflected in the diverse views of religious groups, but now pro-lifers are declaring “ejaculation is murder” and they want strict laws against the practice."
126,95,BREAKING: Obama Brought In For Questioning Over Ties To Barcelona Terrorist,,Traitor in Chief and supporter of Muslims Barack Obama was
127,548,"Barack Obama Tweets SICK Attack On John McCain, Says He Should Have Died",http://newsfeedhunter.com/barack-obama-tweets-sick-attack-on-john-mccain-says-he-should-have-died/,"Barack Obama is a sick human being unfit for any political office past, present, or future. Just like ultra left-wing Bernie Sanders supporter Caitlin Johnstone, Obama (Barry Soetoro as he was known in college while he was doing sexual favors for old men to get cocaine money) attacked a recovering John McCain viciously Wednesday night then deleted the tweet like a coward."
128,43,CIA Documents Confirm Hitler Fled To Argentina After WW2,http://yournewswire.com/cia-hitler-argentina-ww2/,"Newly declassified CIA documents confirm that Adolf Hitler escaped Germany after World War II and took refuge in Argentina. The files confirm earlier FBI documents, which claim that the U.S. government knew the Nazi Fuehrer was alive and well, living in the Andes Mountains long after the war had ended. In 1955 the chief of the CIA’s Western Hemisphere Division (WHD) received a secret memo with the subject line “Operational: Adolf Hitler,” from the CIA station chief in Venezuela that contained proof Hitler was still alive in South America. Thefreethoughtproject.com reports: Interestingly, these revelations seem to confirm declassified FBI documents that also claimed sources had indicated that Hitler was indeed living in Argentina. While the official story sold to the global public is that Hitler died of suicide in the Fuhrerbunker, the actual truth may be vastly different from the popularized version of events. The acting CIA station chief’s informants, CIMELODY, was contacted by a former SS trooper Phillip Citroen, who claimed to have been in contact with Hitler—who was living under the pseudonym Adolph Schuttlemayer—about once a month in Colombia, while there on a trip from Maracaibo as an employee of the Royal Dutch Shipping Company. Citroen said that Hitler had left Colombia for Argentina around January 1955, and erroneously suggested that the statute of limitations for war crimes had passed—as it had been 10 years since the end of World War II—and that the Allies could no longer prosecute Hitler as a war criminal. The CIA documents reveal that Citroen told CIMELODY that he had even taken a photo with Hitler, and provided a grainy picture that was included in the CIA memo—with Hitler purported to be the man on the right. After reviewing the CIA’s files, the WHD chief reported that Citroen had only the year before reported that a colony of Nazis was present in Colombia that engaged in “idolatry of the Nazi past addressing him as ‘der Fuhrer’ and affording him the Nazi salute and storm trooper adulation,” in reference to Hitler himself. The station chief wrote the WHP chief again only days later to engage in further investigation of whether or not it really was Adolf Hitler. The HPD chief then incredibly made the decision to drop further inquiry, as he felt “enormous efforts could be expended on this matter with remote possibilities of establishing anything concrete.” A seemingly strange response considering the magnitude of the report and veracity of the sources credibility in that Citroen was a former Nazi himself. As The Free Thought Project previously reported: “South America did indeed play host to many fleeing Nazis—including sadistic doctor Josef Mengele, whose torturous experimentation of Nazi concentration camp prisoners eventually branched into the study of twins. Later, in a small town in Brazil, one in five pregnancies resulted in births of twins—something Argentine historian Jorge Camarasa claimed in 2009 evidenced Mengele’s handiwork following his escape from Germany.” Perhaps there is more to the story than a war weary public was led to believe in the wake of the devastation of WWII, and the truth lies somewhere other than what has became the official narrative of Hitler’s death in the Fuhrerbunker with his bride—with reality being much closer to an escape with may other Nazi war criminals to South America."
130,57,The U.S District Attorney Has Announced That He Will Be Pursuing Charges of TREASON Against The Former President Barack Obama,https://www.dailyinfobox.com/2017/02/24/u-s-district-attorney-announced-will-pursuing-charges-treason-former-president-barack-obama/,"Trump administration to charge Barack Obama with treason saying that “no one is above the law”. When Donald Trump was sworn in a US President, he signed an executive order, that reversed a previous order signed by Barack Obama just days before he left office that removed Dana Boente from his position behind the Attorney General as second in line."
131,172,"President Trump Passes Out In The Middle Of A Speech, Rushed To The Hospital",https://worldpoliticsnow.com/2017/08/president-trump-passes-middle-speech-rushed-hospital/,"President Trump was giving a speech in New Plantitngton, New Jersey today when he suddenly looked dazed. After wandering around briefly, he just crumpled to the floor."
134,562,LIBERALS AT WORK: CALIFORNIA JUST LEGALIZED CHILD PROSTITUTION,https://downtrend.com/71superb/liberals-at-work-california-just-legalized-child-prostitution,"This is absolutely astounding. The liberal numbnuts who run the State of California just decriminalized child prostitution. There is no misinterpretation of what theyve done here. It is no longer illegal for anyone under the age of 18 to engage in prostitution or to solicit money for sex. Like I said, kids in California are now able to legally work as prostitutes."
135,219,"Burger King Admits To Using Horse Meat In Burgers, Whoppers",http://viralactions.com/burger-king-admits-to-using-horse-meat-in-burgers-whoppers/,The brand burger king admitted that they have been used horse meat in order to made the burgers and whoppers.
136,394,CNN Admits They Spread Fake News – Forced To APOLOGIZE,http://xbn-news.com/index.php/2017/06/27/cnn-admits-spread-fake-news-forced-apologize/,"CNN has spent the last few months blatantly spreading fake news about Donald Trump in the hopes of taking him down. Despite this, CNN has always claimed to be unbiased and has denied spinning fake news against Trump in any way."
137,68,JUST IN: Barack Obama’s daughter murdered in drive-by shootout,https://newsbiblereport.com/index.php/2017/07/19/just-barack-obamas-daughter-murdered-drive-shootout-2/,"Breaking news that hit the United states in this Wednesday evening,Barack Obama’s daughter was murdered in a drive-by shootout near her school. Sasha Obama,the daughter of Barack Obama this evening was murdered by organised drive-by shootout.The shooting happened around 6PM,when Sasha was leaving her school class.She reportedly needed to be picked up by her security guards who waited her at the front door of the school.Then,a black Nissan passed by shooting through their window,shooting Sasha and one of the security guards.The police started a pursuit right away,because there was a police car nearly.The ambulance came right away telling by the witnesses,but they couldn’t save her.The attackers were caught by the police and they are currently in custody and we don’t have any informations about them.They can face a life sentence. Prayers to Barack and his family.Big loss for him and for the humanity."
139,424,New $20 Bill Featuring Robert E. Lee to Make Early Debut in Southern U.S.,http://realnewsrightnow.com/2017/09/new-20-bill-featuring-robert-e-lee-make-early-debut-southern-u-s/,"RICHMOND, Va. – An updated version of the twenty-dollar bill featuring the American Confederate general Robert E. Lee is scheduled to make its debut in a handful of southern states later this month, a spokesperson for the U.S. Department of Treasury announced on Tuesday. The new bill includes a portrait of the middle-aged Confederate general on its face while the reverse side features a scene depicting the Second Battle of Bull Run. “We are pleased to announce that the new twenty-dollar bill will make its debut on Monday, September 11th, in eleven states, including South Carolina, Mississippi, Florida, Virginia, Alabama, and Texas,” Treasury spokesperson Keith Davis announced during a press conference Tuesday morning. The decision to replace the existing twenty-dollar banknote, which entered circulation in 1996, comes as President Donald J. Trump continues to work diligently to reverse his predecessor’s policies. “We had Barack Obama, who – for eight years and without any prior authorization from Congress – decided he was going to put Harriet Tubman on the twenty-dollar bill,” White House counselor Kellyanne Conway told CNN’s Wolf Blitzer. “Well, Wolf, he can’t do that,” Conway argued, continuing, “President Trump cares very deeply about the American people and he has said, time and time again, if we’re going to do it, we’ll replace one great man with another.” Less than a week after Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin pointedly avoided voicing support for a $20 bill featuring Harriet Tubman, the Bureau of Engraving and Printing – the agency responsible for producing paper currency – released a statement saying “current color and shading capabilities limit our ability to adequately depict [Harriet Tubman] on most forms of U.S. currency.” The statement went on to say that increased shading would make the bill “too dark” and, therefore, more susceptible to counterfeiting. Treasury spokesperson Keith Davis said the redesigned twenty-dollar bill is scheduled for a nationwide release on January 19, 2018, and will coincide with the 211th anniversary of General Robert E. Lee’s birthday, as requested by the White House."
140,385,BUSTED! Hillary’s Million Dollar Scandal With Russia Definitively UNCOVERED!,http://www.voxtribune.com/busted-hillarys-million-dollar-scandal-russia-definitively-uncovered/,"Hillary used her foundation to do business Russia, and this time Peter Schweizer has the details about Hillary’s “$145 million scandal”."
141,45,"Charlottesville Killer Was Hillary Supporter, Funded By Soros",http://yournewswire.com/charlottesville-hillary-soros/,"The man accused of being a neo-Nazi and murdering a woman by deliberately driving into her during protests in Charlottesville is in reality a supporter of Hillary Clinton and member of Antifa in receipt of funding by George Soros, according to reports. James Fields, 20, of Maumee, Ohio, allegedly killed Heather Heyer, aged 32, and injured 19 others when he rammed his car into a group of protesters on Saturday in Charlottesville, Virginia. Mainstream media is claiming Fields is a neo-Nazi and has conveniently produced photographs showing Fields standing with Vanguard America and carrying a shield bearing the group’s insignia. But the mainstream media is actively suppressing information that proves Fields is actually a left-wing operative at the heart of a false flag designed to spark civil war, introduce martial law, and take away the rights of conservative groups to assemble peacefully. Police were ordered to stand down just before the incident, as confirmed by ACLU. “This invited the violence the city used to shut down a court-permitted protest,” said Robert Barnes, a high-profile constitutional lawyer. Immediately after the car was driven into the crowd and James Field was identified as the driver and arrested, his social media accounts were put on lockdown and scrubbed of political content. His affiliation to Clinton and the dangerous far-left is being actively suppressed. There is only one winner in Charlottesville. His name is George Soros and he funds Antifa. The UniteTheRight rally was planned months in advance, proper permits were sought and granted, and the peaceful protest was going to plan. Then, due to political pressure from the left, the city of Charlottesville rescinded the permit a few days before the rally. This was a clear violation of the 1st Amendment. So UniteTheRight went to federal court and won. A federal judge ordered that the rally must go on and the rally-goers Constitutional rights be protected. But the left wasn’t finished. The Democrat mayor and police department ordered the rally an “unlawful assembly,” and threatened to arrest everybody – once again, violating 1st and 9th amendment rights. Then things got bloody. George Soros’s Antifa stepped up to the plate, unleashing chaos and hate as per their job description. The mainstream media is spreading lies and deceit to further the false flag, and attempting to deflect from their transparent agenda by railing angrily against President Trump for failing to say exactly what they want him to say (despite the fact Obama did not disavow Black Lives Matter after they destroyed Ferguson and Baltimore). Real footage captured by citizen journalists on the ground in Charlottesville proves that the mainstream media are peddling lies about the incident from the comfort of their air-conditioned ivory towers. The car crash is a sloppy false flag, designed to mislead, deceive and take away our rights. The following video, around 2 minutes in, shows the crash in real time, and shows Fields’ car being rammed from behind. The Charlottesville violence is far-left agitation at it’s worst. It is the culmination of violent rhetoric spewing from the mouths of Hillary Clinton and Loretta Lynch. In cahoots with George Soros, the failed presidential candidate and her cronies are attempting to stage a false flag to take away the rights of conservatives to lawfully organize rallies and assemble peacefully. Chaos and hate the order of the day, as the lawless ones march us towards a police state and a New World Order. While the real terrorists are allowed to roam free, we will be the ones imprisoned."
142,97,Obama Had A Remote Hacking Base In Germany,,"President Donald Trump promised Americans that he will solve every problem. Our country was stuck int he middle of nowhere, and Barack Obama didnt even move a finger to"
143,92,SUPREME COURT RULING: No Islam In Public Schools. Do You Support This?,http://americanflavor.news/2017/04/20/supreme-court-ruling-no-islam-public-schools-support/,"Children in school are only learning about peaceful Islamists but watching current events completely contradicts this, doesn’t it? Educating the next generation is vital to learn from our mistakes not repeat them. Radical Islam is very real and it’s time that lesson it taught in school."
144,544,BUSTED: Russian Mansions Obama Seized Were Meant To Be Illegal Gifts to Sasha And Malia,http://breaking.newsfeedhunter.com/russian-mansions-obama-seized-were-meant-to-be-illegal-gifts-to-sasha-and-malia/,"Well, well, well…it looks like Obummer wasn’t actually trying to punish Russia for anything after all (since there’s nothing to punish them FOR) — he was actually just trying to get a couple of free mansions for his brats while kissing up to his ignorant base of drooling libtards."
145,357,3 Liberal Celebrities Arrested For Conspiracy To Assassinate President Trump,https://worldpoliticsnow.com/2017/04/breaking-3-liberal-celebrities-arrested-for-conspiracy-to-assassinate-president-trump/,"Liberals have been going nuts ever since their hero, the criminal Hillary Clinton, lost the election. They just can’t believe that Donald trump, a man who stole the hearts of a huge majority of Americans, won in such a landslide. Even though the people have spoken, liberals think they should get their way. Their heroes, a bunch of tree-hugging Hollywood celebrities, have been leading that charge whenever possible."
146,381,No more child support after 2017!!!!!!,http://www.react365.com/59c06b7b050bf/no-more-child-support-after-2017.html,Donald trump and congress members held a meeting to pass a law stating that in 2018 all fathers that's on child support will be taken off and women will no longer be able to put men on
149,78,Kim Jung Un Bows Down To President Trump,http://www.dailyinsidernews.com/military/kim-jong-un-bows/,"Kim Jong Un is the 33-year-old leader of North Korea who is threatening any and all nonallied countries with nuclear weapons. First North Korea decided to threaten South Korea and America with an intercontinental ballistic missile, and then they did the same to Guam."
150,144,GEORGE ZIMMERMAN FOUND DEAD JUST HOURS AFTER BRAGGING ABOUT KILLING TRAYVON MARTIN,http://actionnews3.com/george-zimmerman-found-dead-months-after-tweeting-pics-of-trayvon-martins-dead-body/,"At 12:21 AM EST George Zimmerman was found dead in the backyard of his Florida home. Police say he was stabbed multiple times and had a gunshot wound to the head. A neighbor of Zimmerman said she heard a commotion, looked over the wall and saw him lifeless on the ground. That’s when she called 911."
152,435,Putin Issues International Arrest Warrant For George Soros….. Dead or Alive,http://www.revolutions2040.com/putin-issues-international-arrest-warrant-george-soros-dead-alive/,"(The Real Strategy) Putin Issues International Arrest Warrant For George Soros….. Dead or Alive Russia has officially declared that Billionaire George Soros is a wanted man in their country, citing him and his organizations as a “threat to Russian national security”. Putin banned Soros from Russia last year due to the fact that Soros helped to nearly destroy the Russian economy in the early 1990’s. Matt Taibbi of the Rolling Stone said of Goldman Sachs six years ago: “The first thing you need to know about Goldman Sachs is that it’s everywhere. The world’s most powerful investment bank is a great vampire squid wrapped around the face of humanity, relentlessly jamming its blood funnel into anything that smells like money. “In fact, the history of the recent financial crisis, which doubles as a history of the rapid decline and fall of the suddenly swindled dry American empire, reads like a Who’s Who of Goldman Sachs graduates.” Obviously Soros wants to be like Goldman Sachs. Phil Butler puts it well when he says: “George Soros has a finger in every political pie there is. If there is a crisis on our world, it’s a safe bet he’s had a hand in it.” One can say that Soros and Goldman Sachs are ideologically part of the same brotherhood. Their strategy is a little different, but the end result is the destruction of lives via the economic system (be it capitalism or socialism) and political manipulation. That’s why Soros seems to think that he is invincible. He thinks he can move the political and economic planet in a few blinks of an eye and no one can tell him to stop. In fact, he writes books such as The Alchemy of Finance. Soros thinks he can kill political stability throughout Europe and indeed in America with no challenge. Soros is certainly old, but he doesn’t want to be obsolete. His organization has recently been caught conducting covert operations designed to destabilize Russia. Here is an interesting quote from the leaked files of Soros’ Open Society Foundation: “Our inclination is to engage in activities and with actors that will understand and counter Russian support to movements defending traditional values…Naming and shaming from us is problematic: we are also in the business of channeling money into other countries for political purposes.”"
153,193,Trump Was Right: CIA Director Clapper Just Leaked Something HUGE About Government Spying,http://donaldtrumpnews.co/news/trump-right-cia-director-clapper-just-leaked-something-huge-government-spying/,"Today was the senate hearing for former Attorney General Sally Yates about Russian election interference. However, the REAL shock came when the senators were questioning retired CIA director James Clapper. Clapper served under Obama and has been accused of being the President’s go-to-guy for spying on Americans. The Senator asked Director Clapper, “Have you used unmasking on President Trump, any of his campaign staff or any US Senators?” …Clapper bowed his head in shame and said, “YES.” Wow! Just, wow… The really sad thing here is that the media will not even bother covering this. Sure, they will talk all day about a bunch of conspiracy theories linking Trump to Russia. When the head of the CIA admits publicly to doing something unconstitutional, however, nobody says a damn thing.Luckily there are people like you and me who actually wanna know the truth and help get it out there. That’s why it’s up to us to show President Donald Trump was 100% right about them “unmasking” politicians for their own gain. Help to share this out to all your family and friends. This is not just a political issue, this is an issue of national security. Here is the live stream of the hearing. It’s currently going on so i will try to add a more specific clip once it concludes."
155,543,Trump Warns Russia Over Jehovah’s Witnesses Ban And Urges Members To Seek Asylum In The US,http://houstonchronicle-tv.com/trump-warns-russia-over-jehovahs-witnesses-ban-and-urges-members-to-seek-asylum-in-the-us/,President Donald Trump has sent a strong message to the Russia Federation over the country’s ban on the “peaceful activities” of Jehovah’s Witnesses.
156,225,THE PINEAL GLAND: ONE OF THE BIGGEST SECRETS KEPT FROM HUMANITY,http://www.disclose.tv/action/viewvideo/234042/the_pineal_gland_one_of_the_biggest_secrets_kept_from_humanity/,A gift was given to humanity - the pineal gland or our third eye.
157,434,Dr. Gallo: “I Invented AIDS To Depopulate Humanity”,http://www.revolutions2040.com/dr-gallo-invented-aids-depopulate-humanity/,"Dr. Gallo: “I Invented AIDS To Depopulate Humanity”: Dr. Robert Gallo, the scientist credited with ‘discovering’ the HIV virus in 1984, has admitted that he created AIDS in order to reduce the world’s population.  In 1984, Gallo filed a U.S. patent application for his invention of the HIV/AIDS virus. Dailypost.co.za  reports: Normally, when a patent is filed and approved, as Dr. Gallo’s was, anyone who uses the product or invention owes a royalty payment to the artificer. Thus, holding the intellectual property laws to their fullest interpretations, one must solely marvel why Dr. Gallo has yet to file a proceedings seeking to recover damages from the usage of his invention? As odd as this state of affairs could sound, it bears need for extra scrutiny. The scientific evidence is complete and compelling, the AIDS Virus is a designer bi-product of the U.S. Special Virus program. The Special Virus program was a federal virus development program that persisted in the U.S from 1962 until 1978….. The U.S. Special Virus was then added as ‘compliment’ to vaccinum inoculations in Africa and Manhattan. Shortly thereafter the world was engulfed with mass infections of somebody’s animal virus that differed from any illustrious human sickness, it was highly contagious and additional significantly, A review of the Special Virus Flow Chart (“research logic”) reveals the United States was seeking a ‘virus particle’ that might negatively impact the defense mechanisms of the system. The program sought to modify the ordination of the virus particle during which to splice in associate degree animal “wasting disease” referred to as “Visna”. According to the Proceedings of the us of America, AIDS is an biological process, laboratory development of the peculiar Visna Virus, first detected in Icelandic sheep. Recently, American and world scientists ensure with 100 percent certainty the laboratory genesis of AIDS. This fact is more underscored once one reviews the ‘multiply-spliced’ nature of the HIV ‘tat’ sequence and Dr. Gallo’s 1971 Special Virus paper, “Reverse Transcriptase of Type-C virus Particles of Human Origin”.Dr. Gallo’s 1971 Special Virus paper is identical to his 1984 announcement of AIDS. Upon further review the record reveals that he filed his patent on AIDS, before he made the announcement with Secretary troubler. Earlier this year, Dr. Gallo conceded his role as a ‘Project Officer’ for the federal virus development program, the Special Virus. The Flow Chart of the program and the 15 progress reports are undeniable proof of the United States’ game to cull world populations via the unleashing of a stealing biological organism that may ‘waste’ humanity. In light of this true genesis of the world’s most divesting biological scourge, it is the u. s. that owes ‘royal’ payments to the innocent victims. Each associated each victim of AIDS is worthy of a proper apology and a way of economic closure for an invention of death and despair, perpetrated by the United States. The eyes of the world are upon the overall Accounting Office’s Health Care Team, under the direction of William J. Scanlon. Between 1964 and 1978, the secret federal virus program spent $550 million dollars of payer cash to create AIDS. It is now necessary to pay no matter it takes to dismantle associate invention that has junction rectifier to the best crime against humanity within the history of the globe."
158,79,"Bombshell Report: DNC Hack Was an Inside Job, Not the Russians",http://www.dailyinsidernews.com/government-corruption/report-dnc-hack-inside-job/,"BOMBSHELL REPORT: DNC HACK WAS AN INSIDE JOB, NOT THE RUSSIANS"
159,587,Over 1 Million Bananas Have Been INJECTED with the HIV virus! (Video Proof),,"These days several media around the world released the news that, the World Health Organization alarmed to have found nearly 1 million bananas injected with HIV-AIDS."
160,192,It’s Over: 3 Richest Democrates Just Went On FOX Today And Give Trump Something Unfathomable,http://donaldtrumpnews.co/news/3-richest-democrates-just-went-fox-today-give-trump-something-unfathomable/,"This is a very special day from President Trump. This morning Bill Gates, Warren Buffet, and Charlie Munger went on FOX News and dropped the kind of bombshell the Left fears most. The 3 Richest Democrats just gave Trump full support of his job as President. The three mega-billionaires were asked to give their opinions on President Trump as well as “tips” for him. Warren Buffet said, “I would certainly say to him [Trump] the same thing I would say to any other president—that their most important job is to protect us from weapons of mass destruction and that they are the most important person in the world, to put the emphasis on that.” Charlie Munger then jumped in to add a very direct praise of the President, “I am a great admirer of the Trump change of mind about China and making an ally out of China instead of screaming about their trade.” Bill Gates decided to go a different route and offer the President his personal counsel. “Whether it’s research, making sure that pandemics don’t come to get us and helping other countries … I’d make sure he knew all about it.” It’s funny because Democrats LOVE pointing to these men as “geniuses” and using their quotes to back their point. Reality Check! Gates, Buffet, and Munger may not be on the Trump-Train just yet, but at least they are willing to praise the job he has done as President so far."
161,384,Marijuana now legal in state of Texas,http://www.react365.com/58ec4eb5bdc6f/marijuana-now-legal-in-state-of-texas.html,"In a 10- 2 vote marijuana has now been legalized in the state of Texas. Texas first marijuana dispensaries said to open up in Corpus Christi, TX April 12, 2017. We were out speaking with"
162,541,BREAKING: Harvard Suspends Malia Obama Until After The Trial,http://defensepatriot.site/2017/08/13/breaking-harvard-suspends-malia-obama-trial/,"In light of Malia Obama’s recent drug escapades, Harvard has decided that her “gap year” should last a bit longer than expected. While she is still enrolled as a student Dean Amal Smith says that he feels her presence at the school will be too much of a “distraction” and has suspended her until the trial is over."
163,582,NFL SURRENDERS,http://nesaranews.blogspot.com/2017/09/nfl-surrenders.html,The National Football League may need to change its logo from a shield to a white flag.
164,141,HOSPITAL INSIDER REVEALS “THE GOVERNMENT HAS BEEN MICROCHIPPING BABIES SINCE 1983”,http://actionnews3.com/government-microchipping-babies/,There has been a lot of controversy surrounding the RFID (Radio Frequency Identification) device that is said to be “upcoming technology” that we will see in our near future.
165,540,BREAKING: Nancy Pelosi Kills Herself In Hospital Bed,http://defensepatriot.site/2017/08/08/breaking-nancy-pelosi-kills-hospital-bed/,"Recently, it was reported that Nancy Pelosi was in critical condition after a horrific drunk driving car crash. Pelosi was driving home from a town hall on Sunday when she crashed head-on into a minivan carrying two children and their parents who were coming home from church."
166,86,BREAKING: ANTIFA Burned Churches In 9 States To The Ground Overnight,http://dailypostfeed.com/antifa-burned-churches-in-9-states-to-the-ground-overnight/,"ANTIFA, the group of domestic terrorists who think they’re going to “save America” from Donald Trump with violence, has stepped up their game by laying waste to 14 houses of worship in nine states overnight, almost simultaneously."
170,233,Pope Francis At White House: “Koran And Holy Bible Are The Same”,http://civictribune.com/pope-francis-at-white-house-koran-and-holy-bible-are-the-same/,"This photograph was produced by Agência Brasil, a public Brazilian news agency. Their website states: ""Todo o conteúdo deste site está publicado sob a Licença Creative Commons Atribuição 3.0 Brasil exceto quando especificado em contrário e nos conteúdos replicados de outras fontes."" (English translation: All content on this website is published under the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Brazil License unless specified otherwise and content replicated from other sources.)"
171,50,Harvey Flooding Uncovers Secret Stash Of Ammo Hidden By Obama Administration,http://ourlandofthefree.com/2017/09/harvey-flooding-uncovers-secret-stash-of-ammo-hidden-by-obama-administration/,"A cache of weapons long suspected to be hidden in Texas during Operation Jade Helm 15 was uncovered by the flood waters of Hurricane Harvey. The stockpile, hidden in a small town outside of Lexmar, matches numbers in the inventory reported missing during Obama’s tenure."
173,40,Obama Stole The Presidency—New Report Shows Millions Of Illegals Flipped The 2008 Election,http://americanprides.com/2017/08/29/obama-stole-the-presidency-new-report-shows-millions-of-illegals-flipped-the-2008-election/http://www.snopes.com/illegal-immigrants-2008-election/,"Democrats should be careful, because the shaky foundation beneath their feet is falling apart. The Left has spent years painting conservatives as paranoid conspiracy theorists who complain about voter fraud instead of focusing on the real issues. That is why, according to the Left, conservatives lose elections. But what happens when the truth comes out, and conservatives were right the whole time? Does the Left then start to get paranoid? We should know the answers to these questions at some point in the near future, because the truth is indeed starting to come out. As reported by The Washington Times: A research group in New Jersey has taken a fresh look at postelection polling data and concluded that the number of noncitizens voting illegally in U.S. elections is likely far greater than previous estimates. As many as 5.7 million noncitizens may have voted in the 2008 election, which put Barack Obama in the White House. The research organization Just Facts, a widely cited, independent think tank led by self-described conservatives and libertarians, revealed its number-crunching in a report on national immigration. Just Facts President James D. Agresti and his team looked at data from an extensive Harvard/YouGov study that every two years questions a sample size of tens of thousands of voters. Some acknowledge they are noncitizens and are thus ineligible to vote. There you have it: conservatives were right about voter fraud. When President Trump stated that he would have won the popular vote in addition to the Electoral College had no illegals voted in the 2016 election, liberals openly mocked him. As stated before, anyone who agreed with Trump was a loony conspiracy theorist. It did not take much to realize, however, that liberals had no actual response to these claims. They refuted the President’s argument only by calling him a “sore loser.” They did not, on the other hand, actually prove him wrong. As it turns out, liberals did not prove Trump wrong because he simply was not wrong in the first place. A fresh batch of studies confirm that millions of illegals may have voted for Hillary Clinton as well. What do you think, America? Should liberals be held accountable now that Americans have the proof? Is this a matter for the Justice Department, or should Democrats just pay for it at the polls? Let us know your thoughts below!"
176,44,Planned Parenthood Founder Planned To ‘Exterminate Black Race’,http://yournewswire.com/planned-parenthood-exterminate-black/,"Margaret Sanger, the founder of Planned Parenthood, the largest abortion provider in the world, is held up as a hero by liberals who claim she liberated women and ethnic minorities from lives of servitude. But the truth about Margaret Sanger and Planned Parenthood is a lot darker than liberals and ethnic minority leaders would have you believe. Sanger, hero of the contemporary left, was a self-described eugenist wanted to exterminate the black race, eradicate people with disabilities. Sanger admitted her entire life’s purpose was to promote birth control, but it was actually minorities she wanted to control – not the white race she belonged to. Her goal was to create a nation of “thoroughbreds” – and that meant tricking ethnic minorities into killing their unborn. On blacks, immigrants and indigents: “...human weeds,’ ‘reckless breeders,’ ‘spawning… human beings who never should have been born.”  Margaret Sanger wrote in her book Pivot of Civilization, referring to immigrants and poor people. On sterilization & racial purification: Sanger believed that, for the purpose of racial “purification,” couples should be rewarded who chose sterilization. (From Birth Control in America, The Career of Margaret Sanger, by David Kennedy, p. 117, quoting a 1923 Sanger speech.) Of course modern-day liberals are blissfully unaware that they have canonized a racist eugenicist, whose ideology was so extreme that Hitler claimed to take inspiration from her far-left pseudo-science. Liberal cognitive dissonance and censorship does not allow for anything based in fact for use in their echo chambers. Next time you hear a liberal speaking from their favorite position – the moral high ground – and praising Planned Parenthood, you might want to remind them of the organization’s evil roots. Sanger espoused the thinking of eugenicists – similar to Darwin’s “survival of the fittest” – but related the concept to human society, saying the genetic makeup of the poor, and minorities, for example, was inferior. On the extermination of blacks: “We do not want word to go out that we want to exterminate the Negro population,” she said, “if it ever occurs to any of their more rebellious members.” Woman’s Body, Woman’s Right: A Social History of Birth Control in America, by Linda Gordon On respecting the rights of the mentally ill: In her “Plan for Peace,” Sanger outlined her strategy for eradication of those she deemed “feebleminded.” Among the steps included in her evil scheme were immigration restrictions; compulsory sterilization; segregation to a lifetime of farm work; etc. Birth Control Review, April 1932, p. 107 On adultery: A woman’s physical satisfaction was more important than any marriage vow, Sanger believed. Birth Control in America, p. 11 On marital sex: “The marriage bed is the most degenerating influence in the social order,” Sanger said. (p. 23) [Quite the opposite of God’s view on the matter: “Marriage is honorable in all, and the bed undefiled; but whoremongers and adulterers God will judge.” (Hebrews 13:4) On abortion: “Criminal’ abortions arise from a perverted sex relationship under the stress of economic necessity, and their greatest frequency is among married women.” The Woman Rebel – No Gods, No Masters, May 1914, Vol. 1, No. 3. “The most merciful thing that a large family does to one of its infant members is to kill it.” Margaret Sanger, Women and the New Race (Eugenics Publ. Co., 1920, 1923)"
177,55,"Executive Order Leads To Capture Of ISIS Leader, Rasheed Muhammad",https://www.dailyinfobox.com/2017/01/31/executive-order-leads-capture-isis-leader-rasheed-muhammad/,"Terror suspect, Rasheed Muhammad, was arrested on Tuesday, January 31, at approximately 1:32AM EST at John F. Kennedy International Airport. This marks the first successful story following President Trump’s executive order to protect the nation from foreign terrorist entry into the United States. Muhammad, 32, was questioned due to the heightened security measures that resulted from the presidential executive order. The suspect attempted to enter the country with a tourist visa and claimed to be visiting family in order to attend this year’s Super Bowl LI."
179,391,Do You Support Trump In Canceling Funding For Obama’s Free House And Library ?,http://lahrennews.com/support-trump-canceling-funding-obamas-free-house-library-click-vote/,"Donald Trump continues to buck the establishment’s system by doing things the way he wants them done. After learning that President Obama ordered the Department of Education’s library division to divert more than $8 million in funds to a fund to build the next Presidential Library, Trump wrote the order rescinding it and putting the money into improving the education of privately held charter schools instead."
180,96,"Nancy Pelosi Met With Russian Ambassador, Discussed Plans To FRAME Donald Trump",http://flashnewscorner.com/nancy-pelosi-met-russian-ambassador-discussed-plans-frame-donald-trump/,"If you’re a liberal, you believe that Donald Trump conspired with Russia to win the election. Never mind that not a single vote was changed and that he has been tough on Russia from day one, but the Left wants you to believe that he and members of his administration worked with Vladimir Putin to “steal” the election from historically unpopular criminal Hillary Clinton."
181,54,FBI: Rumors About Clinton Pedophile Ring Are True,https://www.dailyinfobox.com/2017/04/16/fbi-rumors-clinton-pedophile-ring-true/,Multiple sources within the FBI and NYPD have confirmed Hillary Clinton’s involvement in a massive pedophile ring in Washington DC.
184,395,MEXICAN PRESIDENT: “WE AGREE TO PAY FOR THE WALL IF THE DEAL INCLUDES RETURNING TEXAS TO MEXICO”,http://xbn-news.com/index.php/2017/07/16/mexican-president-agree-pay-wall-deal-includes-returning-texas-mexico/,"U.S. President Donald Trump said he had a friendly phone call with Mexico’s president on Friday but asserted he will renegotiate trade deals and other aspects of the countries’ ties because Mexico has “beat us to a pulp” in the past. Mexico’s peso extended gains on news of the call. The two men spoke for about an hour on Friday, a day after President Enrique Pena Nieto scrapped a planned meeting in Washington next week over Trump’s insistence that Mexico pay for a multibillion-dollar border wall. “It was a very, very friendly call,” Trump told a joint news conference with visiting British Prime Minister Theresa May."
185,140,TRUMP ASSIST RESCUERS IN PULLING HARVEY VICTIMS FROM FLOODWATERS,http://www.snopes.com/trump-raft-harvey/,"In the days following Hurricane Harvey a photo was taken of a heroic President Donald Trump leaning over the side of a raft, reaching out to a stranded flood victim."
186,343,"Black-and-White Evidence That Proves US Government Engaged in Forced Sterilizations, Mind Control, Weather Modification, False Flag Operations and Igniting Wars (Videos)",,"(N.Morgan) When vital government documents are declassified or leaked, the evidence held within those pages are useful tools in getting to the truth of what is really going on in the world."
187,430,Edward Snowden: Osama Bin Laden is Still Alive Living in the Bahamas,http://www.revolutions2040.com/edward-snowden-osama-bin-laden-still-alive-living-bahamas/,"Edward Snowden: Osama Bin Laden is Still Alive Living in the Bahamas: Edward Snowden (the NSA whistleblower) has made another astonishing revelation. He apparently has documents that prove Osama Bin Laden is on the CIA’s payroll and currently living a luxury lifestyle in the Bahamas. In 2013, Edward Snowden, a former contractor for the National Security Agency (NSA), released various documents regarding government surveillance programs. This resulted in him being charged for committing several crimes. All of the charges carry a sentence of up to 10 years in prison. Due to this and the fact he believed it was the correct decision to reveal the shocking extent of phone surveillance by U.S. intelligence agency, he had no choice but to flee. He currently resides in Russia, this is where he has be offered asylum for one year. Snowden has yet again provided a shocking piece of information. The Moscow Tribune reports that Snowden claims that Osama Bin Laden the infamous former leader of Al Qaeda, is in fact still alive and is in receipt of cash courtesy of the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA). “I have documents showing that Bin Laden is still on the CIA’s payroll,”  Snowden claims. “He is still receiving more than $100,000 a month, which are being transferred through some front businesses and organizations, directly to his Nassau bank account. I am not certain where he is now, but in 2013, he was living quietly in his villa with five of his wives and many children.” Snowden claims the CIA faked the death of Osama Bin Laden. After reporting him dead, the man himself and his family were moved to a secret location in the Bahamas. “Osama Bin Laden was one of the CIA’s most efficient operatives for a long time,” Snowden claims. “What kind of message would it send their other operatives if they were to let the SEALs kill him? They organized his fake death with the collaboration of the Pakistani Secret services, and he simply abandoned his cover. Since everyone believes he is dead, nobody’s looking for him, so it was pretty easy to disappear. Without the beard and the military jacket, nobody recognizes him.” NaijaPicks say that these documents that prove this controversial claim are featured in his 2015 book. Despite the fact Snowden says he was trying to help the citizens of America by releasing these documents, he is still classed as a fugitive in the USA. This is also despite approximately 168,000 people signing a petition calling for Snowden to be pardoned. This was rejected by the White House rejected on July 28, 2015. Whilst resident in Hong Kong, Snowden was interviewed by several journalists inside a secret location. He was asked why he left his own country, his reply to The Guardian was: “I don’t want to live in a society that does these sort of things… I do not want to live in a world where everything I do and say is recorded.”"
188,93,BREAKING: Amy Schumer Goes From Red Carpet To Jail After Threatening Trump On Live TV,http://americanflavor.news/2017/04/18/liberal-hero-amy-schumer-goes-red-carpet-jail-threatening-trump-live-tv/,Amy Schumer’s seats at the Oscars went empty after she was dumb enough to threaten the life of President Trump live from the red carpet on E! TV.
190,41,Ben Carson Digs Up Obama’s Filthiest Skeleton – $500 Billion Fraud Uncovered/,http://americanprides.com/2017/08/08/ben-carson-digs-up-obamas-filthiest-skeleton-500-billion-fraud/,"During the later years of the disastrous Obama era, the president pushed all sorts of radical policies through various agencies. By allowing his comrades throughout the government to drastically change rules and laws on their own, Congress was successfully circumvented. It’s bad enough when our moronic politicians shove crap down our throats but it’s even worse when unelected bureaucrats do it in secret. That’s just the epitome of corruption. One of the agencies most guilty of secret abuses is Housing and Urban Development. HUD has a scary amount of power in shaping our nation’s communities and not only that, ample opportunity exists for it to waste taxpayer money. And they didn’t just waste your money under President Obama; they threw giant wads of it down the toilet. As reported at Yes I’m Right, as the new head of HUD, Dr. Ben Carson called for an immediate audit to uncover any wastefulness and abuse. Why? Because this guy actually does his job. To no one’s surprise – but to everyone’s horror – the Inspector General in charge of the review found half a trillion dollars in unaccounted funds. Apparently, HUD’S books are so horribly managed that a full audit couldn’t even be completed during an initial inquiry. It’s so bad that this is looking less like incompetence and more like outright corruption and kickbacks. Here’s what the report said: “When the IG remained unable to issue an opinion for fiscal years 2015 or 2016, he gave Obama staffers a three-month extension. Thus, their reprieve allowed them to fix $3.4 billion in 2015 errors and $516.4 billion in 2016 errors. After HUD’s re-submission of paperwork, 11 material weaknesses, seven significant deficiencies, and five instances of failure to comply with laws and regulations remain unresolved. The continued problems ‘were due to an inability to establish a compliant control environment, implement adequate financial accounting systems, retain key financial staff, and identify appropriate accounting principles and policies.’” Obama’s HUD lackey, Brian Sullivan, dared to say otherwise on the matter, when in December of 2016 he claimed: “HUD does apply generally accepted accounting standards,” despite the fact the IG report concluded otherwise. That, and there’s the half a trillion dollars in errors, which would lend credence to the IG’s conclusions. When Trump first tapped Carson for the HUD position, the typical circus of leftist clowns came out and bashed the choice, with Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-NY) being one of the most critical."
191,380,UPDATE: Susan Rice’s Housekeeper Found Dead In A Lake After FBI Interview,http://freshdaily.news/susan-rices-housekeeper-found-dead-in-a-lake-after-fbi-interview/,"Susan Rice is going to prison. At this point, it’s not speculation. It’s not conjecture. It’s a certainty. The only variable is “when” – especially after her housekeeper was found dead."
192,227,McCain Caught Red Handed Making Plans To Take Trump Out,http://anews-24.com/2017/08/07/mccain-caught-red-handed-making-plans-to-take-trump-out/,"Last week, Arizona Senator John McCain turned his back on the Republican Party by shooting down the Obamacare repeal bill. Now, he’s been busted attempting to make plans to “take out” President Trump."
193,545,The DEA Just Raided A United States Senator-Dems In A Panic,http://breaking.newsfeedhunter.com/the-dea-just-raided-a-united-states-senator-dems-in-a-panic/,"The DEA just raided the vacation ranch of Democrat Senator Hal Lindsay (D-NJ), seizing more than 400 marijuana plants, 2 greenhouses full of opium-producing poppies and a small lab that was pumping out massive amounts of refined, finished product. The ranch, just a few hundred miles north of anything in Wyoming, was also seized along with a fleet of automobiles, recreational vehicles and other property now considered the spoils of the drug trade."
194,386,BREAKING: The Blankets Barack Obama Sent Hurricane Victims Are Infested With Bedbugs,http://freshdaily.news/the-blankets-barack-obama-sent-hurricane-victims-are-infested-with-bedbugs/,"On Saturday, it was announced that former “President” (can we call him that if he actually didn’t do anything?) Obama sent blankets for Hurricane Harvey victims."
195,230,Incriminating Seizure Hit DNC: FBI Found Chairwoman’s Destroyed Hard Drives… That’s Not The Worst,http://anews-24.com/2017/07/27/incriminating-seizure-hit-dnc-fbi-found-chairwomans-destroyed-hard-drives-thats-not-the-worst/,"According to the Daily Caller, FBI agents reportedly took “smashed” computer hard drives from the home of former Democratic National Committee chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz’s IT guy."
196,294,NPR: 25 Million Votes For Clinton ‘Completely Fake’ – She Lost Popular Vote,http://yournewswire.com/npr-25-million-fake-clinton-votes/,NPR admit Hillary Clinton 'lost the popular vote' as 25 million fake votes are discovered
197,121,Donald Trump Introduces New Muslim/Refugee Badges; ‘Nazi-Like’ Plan Requires All Muslims & Refugees To Wear Badges Like The Jews Did During The Holocaust,http://newsexaminer.net/politics/donald-trump-introduces-refugee-muslim-badges/,"Washington, DC — During an interview today with Fox News, Donald Trump unveiled plans making it mandatory for all Muslim people and refugees entering this country, along with those currently residing in the U.S., to wear badges on their outer garments at all times. The 2016 presidential candidate says these badges are necessary so refugees and Muslims can easily be identified and monitored."
199,452,"Virginia GOP Rep Turns Traitor, Newest Resolution Helps Muslims As Christians Excluded",https://conservativedailypost.com/virginia-gop-rep-turns-traitor-newest-resolution-helps-muslims-as-christians-excluded/,"Posted by Danny Abarno | Sep 22, 2017 | National Security"
200,26,Obama Signs Executive Order Banning The Pledge of Allegiance In Schools Nationwide,http://americannews.com/obama-signs-executive-order-banning-the-pledge-of-allegiance-in-schools-nationwide/,"Well, President Obama may have just officially taking things too far. According to a recent report, he just signed Executive Order 13738, revoking the federal governments official recognition of the Pledge of Allegiance.The report claims that the new order, it is illegal for any federally funded agency to display the pledge or for any federal employee to recite it.The pledge excludes so many Americans who are vital to making this country what it is, Obama said, telling reporters that the inclusion of Under God is particularly troublesome.Hillary Clinton is also reportedly in support of the measure, stating that when she takes office she will do her best to uphold this new law and ensure that it stays in effect. The Pledge Allegiance has been a source of conflict for some time now, with many liberals pushing for schools to stop forcing children to participate in its recitation. Conservatives have long defended the allegiance, which teaches honor, respect for our country, and unity. What do you think of this new order? If this is true, has Obama pushed things way too far?"
201,52,BREAKING: Obama PERSONALLY Called Harvard And Ordered Them To Reverse Malia’s Suspension,http://ourlandofthefree.com/2017/08/breaking-obama-personally-called-harvard-and-ordered-them-to-reverse-malias-suspension/,"If you haven’t heard, Malia Obama was recently arrested in Chicago after purchasing a whopping six pounds of marijuana (a seller’s quantity according to police) from a drug lord her father had released from prison in 2015."
202,451,JUST IN: Paper Trail Left As Seth Rich Murder Mystery Unveils New Twist,https://conservativedailypost.com/just-in-paper-trail-left-as-seth-rich-murder-mystery-unveils-new-twist/,"Posted by Sam Di Gangi | Sep 22, 2017 | Liberal Corruption"
203,47,MIT Researchers: Global Warming Data Is ‘Complete Bunk’,http://yournewswire.com/mit-global-warming-data-bunk/,"A new peer reviewed report on global warming concludes that key data relied upon to give us temperature measurements around the world is ‘complete bunk.’ According to scientists at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (M.I.T.) and the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), key metrics such as the Global Average Surface Temperature (GAST), the NOAA, and HADLEY confirms what Trump has been saying for years – that man-made global warming does not exist. SHFTPlan reports: In this research report, the most important surface data adjustment issues are identified and past changes in the previously reported historical data are quantified. It was found that each new version of GAST has nearly always exhibited a steeper warming linear trend over its entire history. And, it was nearly always accomplished by systematically removing the previously existing cyclical temperature pattern. This was true for all three entities providing GAST data measurement, NOAA, NASA and Hadley CRU. As a result, this research sought to validate the current estimates of GAST using the best available relevant data. This included the best documented and understood data sets from the U.S. and elsewhere as well as global data from satellites that provide far more extensive global coverage and are not contaminated by bad siting and urbanization impacts. Satellite data integrity also benefits from having cross checks with Balloon data. The conclusive findings of this research are that the three GAST data sets are not a valid representation of reality. In fact, the magnitude of their historical data adjustments, that removed their cyclical temperature patterns, are totally inconsistent with published and credible U.S. and other temperature data. Thus, it is impossible to conclude from the three published GAST data sets that recent years have been the warmest ever –despite current claims of record setting warming. Finally, since GAST data set validity is a necessary condition for EPA’s GHG/CO2 Endangerment Finding, it too is invalidated by these research findings. (Full Abstract Report) Thegatewaypundit.com reports: Fulfilling a key campaign promise, President Trump shocked the world by pulling out of the Paris agreement. Axios’ Johnathan Swan was the first to report the President would pull out of the agreement. On May 31st, Axios reported: President Trump has made his decision to withdraw from the Paris climate accord, according to two sources with direct knowledge of the decision. Details on how the withdrawal will be executed are being worked out by a small team including EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt. They’re deciding on whether to initiate a full, formal withdrawal — which could take 3 years — or exit the underlying United Nations climate change treaty, which would be faster but more extreme. Why this matters: Pulling out of Paris is the biggest thing Trump could do to unravel Obama’s climate legacy. It sends a combative signal to the rest of the world that America doesn’t prioritize climate change and threatens to unravel the ambition of the entire deal. The other outliers: The only other two countries that aren’t supporting the deal are Nicaragua and Syria. How it happened: A letter from 22 Republican Senators (including Mitch McConnell) that called for a clean exit had reinforced Trump’s instincts to withdraw, and the president had been telling confidants over the past week that he was going to pull out. It’s no surprise that members of the liberal establishment shifted into meltdown mode following the decision, with Hollywood director Michael Moore and former President Obama being the most vocal. As per The Hill: Liberal filmmaker Michael Moore blasted President Trump’s decision Thursday to withdraw the U.S. from the Paris climate agreement, calling it “a crime against humanity.” “This admitted predator has now expanded his predatory acts to the entire planet,” Moore tweeted. “USA to Earth: F— YOU,” the filmmaker added in other tweets. “America First! Earth Last! My name is Michael Moore. I am an American. And I live in a Rogue State.” Obama’s statement was as follows: A year and a half ago, the world came together in Paris around the first-ever global agreement to set the world on a low-carbon course and protect the world we leave to our children. It was steady, principled American leadership on the world stage that made that achievement possible.  It was bold American ambition that encouraged dozens of other nations to set their sights higher as well. And what made that leadership and ambition possible was America’s private innovation and public investment in growing industries like wind and solar – industries that created some of the fastest new streams of good-paying jobs in recent years, and contributed to the longest streak of job creation in our history. Simply put, the private sector already chose a low-carbon future.  And for the nations that committed themselves to that future, the Paris Agreement opened the floodgates for businesses, scientists, and engineers to unleash high-tech, low-carbon investment and innovation on an unprecedented scale. The nations that remain in the Paris Agreement will be the nations that reap the benefits in jobs and industries created.  I believe the United States of America should be at the front of the pack.  But even in the absence of American leadership; even as this Administration joins a small handful of nations that reject the future; I’m confident that our states, cities, and businesses will step up and do even more to lead the way, and help protect for future generations the one planet we’ve got. But of course, like all Champagne Socialists, their credo is “do as I say, not as I do,” with Obama jacking up his carbon footprint when abroad. Who could forget Obama’s massive convoy during a recent speaking gig in Milan? The Independent Journal Review reported: Former President Barack Obama traveled to Italy this week to make a speech on climate change at the “Seed & Chips: The Global Food Innovation Summit” in the city of Milan. It seems like Obama has taken a page out of Leonardo DiCaprio’s book of “do as I say, not as I do” and took a private jet to Milan. Not only that, he had a 14 car convoy to get into the city, which also included protection from above with a helicopter. It doesn’t end there. According to The Daily Mail, 300 police officers were used to protect the former president. The fleet of 14 included multiple SUVs, police cars, and sedans — not to mention a few motorcycles. Here’s another look at the convoy: While in Milan, Obama also met with former Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi, who was a close partner during their respective times in office."
204,269,Donald Trump Signs Executive Order Allowing The Hunting Of Bald Eagles,https://archive.is/2yRCq#selection-3293.0-3293.70,"WASHINGTON, D.C. (AP) — Today President Donald Trump made what could very well prove to be the most controversial move of his presidency by signing Executive Order 14841, which allows the hunting of bald eagles."
205,453,Hillary’s Campaign Appears As If They’re Backing Out Of The Debate,https://conservativedailypost.com/breaking-hillarys-campaign-now-backing-out-of-the-debate/?utm_source=Push&utm_medium=OneSignal&utm_campaign=Martin,"Posted by Martin Walsh | Sep 21, 2016 | Liberal Corruption, States’ Rights"
206,344,Houston Residents Being Sprayed with Deadly Neurotoxins,,Houston Residents Being Sprayed with Deadly Neurotoxins
210,22,"""Covefe"" Mystery Solved",http://24wpn.com/index.php/2017/06/02/covfefe-mystery-solved/,"President Donald Trump is being criticized on a daily basis. Some people just cant get over the fact that he beat Hillary Clinton. It seems like these people are forgetting that Clinton never had a chance to get any near the Oval Office. Now liberals have been too vocal about their criticism for the President, and its all about the covfefe word that appeared in one of the latest tweets. Liberals will always have a reason to bash President Trump. First, they hated his campaign, then, they laid their hands on the Presidents family. We know that President Trump will always be our favorite, and hopefully, liberals will understand that they cant do anything to change this.Although President Trump faced harsh criticism, he still stands strong against his enemies. He promised to make America great again, and we can already see the results of his job.President Trump came back from his first official tour overseas. This trip was an absolute success, and the President did an amazing job. World leaders appreciated his presence, and they all honored the President. He enjoyed great respect, and came back with a few important deals. But, President Trump came back with something else. Its the covfefe mystery. For those who dont know it, covfefe means I will stand up. Liberals thought that President Trump was dream texting, but they are too ignorant to understand the meaning of his tweet. Despite the constant negative press covfefe, President Trump tweeted. He was just trying to say that hed stand strong for the upcoming events, promising that he will manage to protect the country from everything and everyone. Learn this, liberals."
211,334,Court Claims Nothing Wrong with Rigging Primaries—Dismisses Lawsuit Against DNC,,http://www.dcclothesline.com/2017/08/29/court-claims-nothing-wrong-with-rigging-primaries-dismisses-lawsuit-against-dnc/
212,478,Trey Gowdy Orders A Judge To Re-open An Old Case,https://www.clear-politics.com/2017/06/07/trey-gowdy-orders-judge-re-open-old-case/,One United States Congressman asked for a body to be dug out with the purpose to complete the investigation by the House Intelligence Committee. Something like this has never happened in our history.
213,379,California Introduces Law To Jail Anyone Who Questions Man-Made Climate Change: First Amendment Now Dead,http://www.redflagnews.com/headlines-2016/california-introduces-law-to-jail-anyone-who-questions-man-made-climate-change-first-amendment-now-dead,A landmark bill allowing for the prosecution of climate change dissent effectively died Thursday after the California Senate failed to take it up before the deadline.
214,46,FBI Confirms Seth Rich Is The DNC Leaker,http://yournewswire.com/fbi-seth-rich-dnc/,"Pulitzer-prize winning reporter Seymour Hersh has revealed that the FBI have evidence that Seth Rich leaked the DNC emails to WikiLeaks. Hersh said in a recent phone interview that the FBIs cyber unit found conclusive evidence on Seth Rich’s computer that he had leaked DNC emails to WikiLeaks shorty before his untimely death: [The DC police took Seth Rich’s computer, but couldn’t get past his password.] So they call the FBI cyber unit. The Feds get through [the password-protection on Rich’s computer], and this is what they find. This is according to the FBI report. What the report says is that – some time in late spring or early summer – he [Rich] makes contact with WikiLeaks. That’s in his computer. They [the FBI] found what he [Rich] had done was he had submitted a series of documents – of emails, of juicy emails – from the DNC. By the way, all this shit about the DNC, where the hack, it wasn’t hacked … He [Rich] offered a sample, an extensive sample, I’m sure dozens of emails, and said I want money. [Remember, WikiLeaks often pays whistleblowers.] Later, WikiLeaks did get the password. He [Rich] had a dropbox, a protected dropbox, which isn’t hard to do. They got access to the dropbox. That’s in the FBI report. He also let people know with whom he was dealing … the word was passed, according to the FBI report, “I also shared this box with a couple of friends, so if anything happens to me, it’s not going to solve your problem”. But WikiLeaks got access, before he was killed. I have a narrative of how that whole fucking thing began.   It’s a [former CIA director John] Brennan operation. It was an American disinformation [campaign]."
215,20,Breaking: Wasserman Schultz Aide Imran Awan Under Investigation for Allegedly Selling Secrets to Russians,http://24wpn.com/index.php/2017/08/21/breaking-wasserman-schultz-aide-imran-awan-under-investigation-for-allegedly-selling-secrets-to-russians/,"Is the largest scandal in US history likely to happen with Democrats being involved? The more information you find out about Democratic IT scammer Imran Awan-the more you find out about the profile of a bold and careless criminal mind.Imran Awan was Debbie Wasserman Schultzs aide for thirteen years since she started working as a Florida representative in 2004. He was fired last week and continued to play her IT expert even when he was living in Pakistan.Accessing specific computer network without permission, also known as hacking, was the crime act that the three Pakistani brothers, who managed the IT affairs for several Democratic government officials, have committed.Imran Awan, who started working for Wasserman Schultz in 2005, received $164,600 in 2016, with close to $20,000 of that coming from Wasserman Schultz. His brother Jamal, who started working as a staffer in 2014, was paid $157,350.12 in 2016. Abid, who started working in 2005, was paid $160,943 in 2016. Imrans wife, Hina Alvi, who was employed as a staffer since February 2007, was paid 168,300 in 2016. Rao Abbas was paid $85,049 in 2016. Abid, Imran, and Jamal Awan were barred from computer networks at the House of Representatives in February. Most of the House Members fired the Awans afterwards, while Imran Awan was still receiving payments from Debbie Wasserman Shultz until he was arrested for Bank Fraud after attempting to flee the country. The other members of the family left the country and moved to Pakistan together with hundreds of thousands of tax-payer money they mysteriously were able to wire. Democrats could be compromised by the Awans and Sensitive information revealed to foreign Enemies! (Muslim Brotherhood  Yemen Raid with dead soldier for example? Most of them have Seats on Committees that deal with highly sensitive information. According to Redditt  Imran Awan is now released with an GPS ankle monitor until his preliminary hearing on Aug. 21. Awan pretended to be his wife when issued a request for a loan from the Congressional Federal Credit Union and got it! He had the credit union wire $165,000 to PAKISTAN  no questions asked. Andrew McCarthy at National Review reported: Bank fraud was the stated charge on which Awan was arrested at Dulles Airport this week, just as he was trying to flee the United States for Pakistan, via Qatar. That is the same route taken by Awans wife, Hina Alvi, in March, when she suddenly fled the country, with three young daughters she yanked out of school, mega-luggage, and $12,400 in cash. By then, the proceeds of the fraudulent $165,000 loan theyd gotten from the Congressional Federal Credit Union had been sent ahead. It was part of a $283,000 transfer that Awan managed to wire from Capitol Hill. He pulled it off  hilariously, if infuriatingly  by pretending to be his wife in a phone call with the credit union. Told that his proffered reason for the transfer (funeral arrangements) wouldnt fly, Mrs. Awan promptly repurposed: Now she was buying property. Asking no more questions, the credit union wired the money . . . to Pakistan.Congressional-staff salaries are modest, in the $40,000 range. For some reason, Awan was paid about four times as much. He also managed to get his wife, Alvi, on the House payroll . . . then his brother, Abid Awan . . . then Abids wife, Natalia Sova. The youngest of the clan, Awans brother Jamal, came on board in 2014  the then-20-year-old commanding an annual salary of $160,000. A few of these arrangements appear to have been sinecures: While some Awans were rarely seen around the office, we now know they were engaged in extensive financial shenanigans away from the Capitol. Awan also threatened and tried to extort cash from his stepmother after his fathers death. The Daily Caller reported: Their own stepmother, a devout Muslim, called police in Virginia and said they used high-tech devices to wiretap her home and tried to extort her into signing papers that would give them access to cash stored in Pakistan in their deceased fathers name. The stepmother, Samina Gilani, said in court documents that Imran said he was very powerful and would have her loved ones kidnapped in Pakistan. Court records show that their father changed his last name, and two relatives said that was because he detested illegal behavior by his sons. In public lawsuits in Fairfax County, Va., the brothers have been accused of life insurance fraud as well as fraud involving a car dealership. This is a description of a complete slimeball. Who kicks his stepmother out of her home when she has just lost her husband? The more you read about Imran Awan the more you see the picture of a complete soulless criminal. So why was he hanging around Wasserman Schultz for 13 years? Now thisFederal officials are investigating whether sensitive information was passed from Imran Awan to the Russian or Pakistani governments.The New York Post reported: Federal authorities are investigating whether sensitive data was stolen from congressional offices by several Pakistani-American tech staffers and sold to Pakistani or Russian intelligence, knowledgeable sources say. What started out 16 months ago as a scandal involving the alleged theft of computer equipment from Congress has turned into a national-security investigation involving FBI surveillance of the suspects. Investigators now suspect that sensitive US government data  possibly including classified information  could have been compromised and may have been sold to hostile foreign governments that could use it to blackmail members of Congress or even put their lives at risk. This is a massive, massive scandal, a senior US official familiar with the widening probe told The Post."
216,218,Walmart Customer Finds Dead Baby in Discount DVD Bin,http://viralactions.com/walmart-customer-finds-dead-baby-in-discount-dvd-bin/,"42-year-old Diane Jessop received the surprise of her life while shopping at her local Roy County, Kentucky Walmart Saturday morning. According to police statements, Jessop was sorting through the stores discount DVD bin when she discovered a lifeless newborn buried in the middle of the bin. On-scene witnesses say that several customers made it over to the area after hearing Jessop scream and call for help. Jessop recalled seeing a small foot as she dug to the bottom of the DVD pile. Initially she assumed that someone had placed a doll within the pile. It wasn’t until she grabbed the foot and pulled the body from the pile of DVDs that she realized it was not a doll, but the body of a lifeless newborn girl."
217,91,Trump Orders 13 Obama Deep State Operatives Arrested For Treason,http://americanflavor.news/2017/08/01/trump-orders-13-obama-deep-state-operatives-arrested-treason/,"It’s now clear why the Left has been throwing such a fit lately. While they have been screaming “RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA,” President Trump has been dealing with some of our nation’s actual problems."
218,251,This 7 month pregnant woman was beaten by refugee in Oklahoma,http://thenewyorkevening.com/2017/05/03/this-7-month-pregnant-woman-was-beaten-by-refugee-in-oklahoma/,THIS 7 MONTH PREGNANT WOMAN WAS BEATEN BY MUSLIM REFUGEE IN OKLAHOMA. DO YOU SUPPORT HANG HIM?
220,122,Trump Incensed by National Parks Service’s Plan To Add Barack Obama’s Face To Mount Rushmore,http://newsexaminer.net/breaking-news/nps-add-obamas-face-mt-rushmore/,"Washington, D.C. (AP) — In a move the Trump administration calls, “just another example of American carnage,” the National Parks Service admitted today in a press conference they have plans to add the face of former President Barack Obama to the Mount Rushmore National Monument."
221,457,Celebrities To Make 'Total Hollywood Strike' Unless Trump Resigns,https://www.clear-politics.com/2017/07/27/celebrities-make-total-hollywood-strike-unless-trump-resigns/,"We are all well aware that most of the Hollywood stars support the liberals and hate Donald Trump. Even before he took the office, it was more than obvious, as some even said that they will leave the country rather than have Donald Trump as a President. Just one of their hilarious acts."
222,392,Obama Just Announced Summit In Chicago – Will Bring 100’s Of World Leaders Together In Attempt To Take Over Presidency,http://xbn-news.com/index.php/2017/09/17/obama-just-announced-summit-chicago-will-bring-100s-world-leaders-together-attempt-take-presidency/,As Obama pushes his upcoming Obama Foundation Summit to be held in Chicago the main theme is about change. Obama has broke from a long tradition of previous President’s staying out of the current President’s way repeatedly and has even bought a home just minutes from the White House in an attempt to undermine President Trump at every opportunity.
223,23,Wikileaks Massive Exposure: Here Are 6 Republicans Who Took Bribes from Clinton to 'Destroy Trump',http://americannews.com/24812-2/,"Hillary Clinton is still whining about her humiliating loss to President Donald Trump in last years election. She plans to take him down and her plan involves some powerful Republicans. Wikileaks named Paul Ryan, Carly Fiorina, John Kasich, Jeb Bush, Lindsey Graham, and John McCain as Republicans who were paid off by Clinton to ensure that Donald Trump lost the election, or undermine him if he won as reported by Conservative Daily Post. Her evil plot was revealed in an email sent last July from Clintons campaign manager John Podesta to top aide Huma Abedin.Podesta detailed how the funds were being redirected from Clintons campaign to the Super PACs of Carly Fiorina, John Kasich, and Jeb Bush."
224,21,Bombshell: New Evidence Suggest We Are Not Being Told Everything About Charlottesville,http://24wpn.com/index.php/2017/08/19/bombshell-new-evidence-suggests-we-are-not-being-told-everything-about-charlottesville/,"One unidentified officer in Charlottesville, VA has come forward and break his silence on the truth behind the events at Charlottesville, according to video via Headlines in Voice. He is suggesting that what took place in Charlottesville was not only allowed to happened, but was intentional and had been planned to happen since May. The officer said that the Charlottesville P.D were instructed to bring radical left and right groups together in one area before being told to stand down. Which suggests that it was someones intentions to start a violent race-based war at the protest. These are his words:The above video states the following, We [Charlotesville police] were ordered to bring the rival groups together. As soon as they were in contact with each other, we were told to stand down. It was outrageous. We werent allowed to arrest anyone without asking the mayor first. We werent even allowed to stop the driver as he sped away. The event was being set up as far back as at least May and it went like clockwork."
225,90,Muslim Federal Judge Rules Two Items Of Sharia Law Legal,http://americanflavor.news/2017/08/02/muslim-federal-judge-rules-two-items-sharia-law-legal/,Judge Mahal al Alallaha-Smith of the 22nd District Federal Court of Appeals ruled this morning that two “critical issues for Muslims” in Sharia Law had to be abided by in the United States court system because of the systematic infusion clause and because the 14th Amendment guarantees them the rights guaranteed by other states.
226,387,BREAKING: Clinton Foundations Sends Water To Houston…For $7 A Bottle,http://freshdaily.news/clinton-foundations-sends-water-to-houstonfor-7-a-bottle/,"The Clinton Foundation is using an outdated rule for non-profits that states that they “have the right to compete in the free market regardless of who the competition is.” What that translates to is, “Since the guy on the corner is fleecing the terrified storm survivor for $7 per bottle, that’s what we get to charge the federal government."
227,323,Figures. Anti-Trump Protesters Were Bussed in to Austin #FakeProtests (Updated),http://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2016/11/figures-anti-trump-protesters-bussed-austin-fakeprotests/,"The American Public is With You!Not. Paid fake protesters were bussed in to the anti-Trump protests in Austin, Texas. bus-protest They must have spent a lot of Soros money on this operation.bus-protests-2 There was a whole string of busses.  bus-protests-3 It figures.  Everything they do is fake or paid for.  Anti-Trump protestors in Austin today are not as organic as they seem. Here are the busses they came in. #fakeprotests #trump2016 #austin twitter.com/VxhP7t6OUI  erictucker (@erictucker) November 10, 2016 Update: Controversy: media reports that buses were not protest buses."
228,337,BREAKING: US Senator Charged With 6 Felonies–Dems In A Panic,http://newsfeedobserver.com/us-senator-charged-with-6-felonies-dems-in-a-panic/,Senator Warren Sherman of Vermont says he had no idea what was happening when his charter plane was stopped on a runway at Sanders Field in Burlington late last night. The plane was boarded by the FBI and all of the passengers and crew arrested.
229,108,"BECAUSE TRUMP WON THE PRESIDENCY, FORD Shifts TRUCK PRODUCTION FROM MEXICO TO OHIO!",http://conservativearmy88.com/trump-won-presidency-ford-shifts-truck-production-mexico-ohio/,Ford’s heavy duty pickup trucks which used to be built in Mexico started rolling off an assembly line in Ohio this week.
231,123,Ted Cruz: “I Will Endorse Donald Trump For President If He Makes Masturbation Illegal”,http://newsexaminer.net/politics/ted-cruz-will-endorse-donald-trump-president-makes-masturbation-illegal/,"WASHINGTON, D.C. (AP) — U.S. Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Texas) sent shockwaves through the Republican Party today when he announced that he would endorse Donald Trump for President, but only if the GOP nominee would be willing to publicly support a ban on masturbation. The Senator called this ‘The single most important issue facing the country today’ and that without ‘swift action by the next President the country was doomed to slide down a slippery slope of debauchery and self-satisfaction’."
232,319,CLINTON DESCRIBES SANDERS SUPPORTERS AS BASEMENT-DWELLERS & BARISTAS IN LEAKED RECORDING,https://www.infowars.com/clinton-describes-sanders-supporters-as-basement-dwellers-baristas-in-leaked-recording/,"Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton made forthright remarks about Bernie Sanders supporters during a private meeting with fundraisers, an audio"
233,53,BREAKING: Pregnant Obama Mistress Revealed! (Picture),http://www.dailyinfobox.com/2017/04/17/breaking-pregnant-obama-mistress-revealed-picture/,"The identity of former president Barack Obama’s pregnant mistress has been revealed. Her name is Cassidy McLean from Montbleau, Colorado. Obama met her while on a ski trip to Aspen without his family in 2014. He hired her to be a receptionist in the West Wing and now, two years later, she is expecting his child:"
234,224,ALL FOUND MURDERED! DOCTORS WHO DISCOVERED CANCER ENZYMES IN VACCINES,http://www.disclose.tv/news/all_found_murdered_doctors_who_discovered_cancer_enzymes_in_vaccines/139084,"A number of holistic doctors in Florida, over 60 of them within one year, who have been found, killed or dead all have one common denominator."
236,446,BARRACK OBAMA WILL BE ON NEW $1 DOLLAR BILL 2017,http://www.anonjekloy.tk/2017/01/barrack-obama-will-be-on-new-1-dollar.html,"ANON JEKLOY  6:26:00 PM   BREAKINGNEWS  , hotnewsanonymous"
237,321,REPORT: THREE MILLION VOTES IN PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION CAST BY ILLEGAL ALIENS,https://www.infowars.com/report-three-million-votes-in-presidential-election-cast-by-illegal-aliens/,"Three million votes in the U.S. presidential election were cast by illegal aliens, according to Greg Phillips of the VoteFraud.org organization."
238,320,AWKWARD: CNN CUTS OFF BERNIE SANDERS AFTER HE CALLS THEM FAKE NEWS,https://www.infowars.com/awkward-cnn-cuts-off-bernie-sanders-after-he-calls-them-fake-news/,Update: President Donald Trump addressed CNNs technical difficulties in a tweet Sunday.
242,378,Obama Cuts 2.6 Billion From Veterans While Allocating 4.5 Billion To Syrian Migrants Moving To America,http://www.redflagnews.com/headlines-2016/obama-cuts-26-billion-from-veterans-while-allocating-45-billion-to-syrian-migrants-moving-to-america,"Veteran Affairs is one of the most mismanaged government program in the United States. Veterans cannot make appointments, the cost for treatment is outrageous, over 307,000 veterans died"
244,109,Denzel Washington Backs Trump In The Most Epic Way Possible,http://conservativearmy88.com/denzel-washington-backs-trump-epic-way-possible/,"While the rest of liberal Hollywood is still trying to demonize Donald Trump, Denzel Washington is speaking out in favor of the president-elect."
245,533,Thanks To President Trump Radical Islamists Will No Longer Be Operating Jihad Training Sites in America,http://patriothangout.com/thanks-president-trump-radical-islamists-will-no-longer-operating-jihad-training-sites-america/,"ELDER PATRIOT – President Trump has stepped up the pressure on radical Islamists operating inside the United States and it’s started paying off. More than two years ago Ryan Mauro, a national security analyst for the Clarion Project appeared with Bill O’Reilly to discuss the growing jihadist threat inside the United States. Mauro had focused his comments on five organizations that have links to Islamic extremists that have established military style training bases inside our country with the plan to unleash Jihad against America.  One such training camp is located 145 northwest of New York City in Islamberg a secluded community outside the town of Hancock, NY.  Islamberg is the home to Sufi cleric Sheikh Syed Mubarik Ali Shah Gilani and an unknown number of radical followers. Naturally, Mauro was discredited by the MSM for reporting on this. Two and a half years later we have learned that a raid on the compound conducted by NY State authorities uncovered a sizable cache of weapons in a storage locker belonging to Ramadan Abdullah that included: 8 assault weapons 4 loaded handguns 1 loaded shotgun 2 rifles 64 high-capacity ammunition feeding devices flak jackets 1,000s of rounds of ammunition, including .50-caliber armor-piercing rounds 64-year old Ramadan Abdullah, a long-time associate of a U.S.-based Islamist terrorist organization, Muslims of America (MOA), and a ranking member of the Islamberg cult was arrested and a search of his past revealed: He was previously arrested in 1977 when he tried to rob a store A man was murdered during the robbery A search of his home uncovered enough materials to build 50 bombs Before the raid on Abdullah’s storage locker in July he was arrested trying to steal four boxes of ammunition from a local store. All of this led police to begin searches of other locations that Abdullah often visited.  These searches turned up loaded handguns, more high-capacity ammunition feeding devices and ammunition. While New York State Police Major Jim Barnes said, “There’s no indication there was a plan in place to commit an act of violence,” he did confirm that police believe Abdullah had made trips overseas. During that 2015 interview Mauro had shown O’Reilly a video given to him by a law enforcement source that shows members marching with rifles in apparent guerilla warfare training. Mauro also identified: The Dar-al Hijrah mosque in the Seven Corners section of Falls Church, Va., that was once led by Anwar al-Awlaki, the al Qaeda al-Awlaki. The mosque, near Washington, D.C., is now led by an imam who said, “Muslims shall be first in line for the arms for jihad.” The Masjid At Taqwa mosque in Bed-Stuy, Brooklyn The Islamic Circle of North America, a radical group that is legitimized by only 2 percent of American Muslims that has its headquarters a few miles from Masjid At Taqwa in Queens, New York. CAIR, or the Council on American-Islamic Relations. The US Department of Justice has classified CAIR as a ‘political influence organization of the Muslim brotherhood’. Yet nothing was done to check this radical Islamic threat until earlier this month.  Somehow I’m led to conclude that as long as Obama was president nothing would ever be done to protect us from Islamic extremism. Or, maybe it was just Jim Comey’s worthless direction of the F.B.I. that let these groups operate with impunity. Thank God for Donald Trump."
246,120,Obama Signs Executive Order: Appoints Rashad Hussain As New Supreme Court Justice,http://newsexaminer.net/politics/obama-signs-executive-order-appoints-rashad-hussain-new-supreme-court-justice/,"WASHINGTON — Just two days after the funeral for the late Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia, who died last Sunday of a heart attack at the age of 79, President Obama signed Executive Order 14651, which appoints Rashad Hussain as the new Supreme Court Justice to replace Scalia."
247,286,"Biden Blames “Lazy American Women” For The Economy: “They Sit Around Doing Nothing, Only Hillary Can Force Them To Work”",http://therightists.com/biden-blames-lazy-american-women-for-the-economy-they-sit-around-doing-nothing-only-hillary-can-force-them-to-work/,"Democratic Vice President Joe Biden wants American women to get back in the workforce to help boost the economy. “If we just put all the women back to work, if they were able to afford childcare, we would increase the GDP in America by close to eight tenths of one percent,” he said. “That’s trillions of dollars over the next decade.”"
248,292,Melania Trump Bans Monsanto Products From The White House,http://yournewswire.com/melania-trump-bans-monsanto/,First Lady Melania Trump has banned Monsanto products from her household after learning of the health effects associated with consuming genetically modified (GM) corn.
249,581,Pope endorses Donald Trump,http://nesaranews.blogspot.com/2016/07/pope-endorses-donald-trump.html,VATICAN CITY – News outlets around the world are reporting on the news that Pope Francis has made the unprecedented decision to endorse a US presidential candidate. His statement in support of Donald Trump was released from the Vatican this evening:
250,450,DHS Insider: CIA And Mossad Behind Washington DC Pedophile Ring,http://www.anonjekloy.tk/2017/02/dhs-insider-cia-and-mossad-behind.html,"ANON JEKLOY  6:34:00 PM   BREAKINGNEWS  , hotnewsanonymous"
252,282,JEFF SESSIONS FIRED: RETURNS TO OFFICE TO FIND TRUMP’S SOCK ON DOOR KNOB,https://viralcords.com/2017/06/15/jeff-sessions-fired-returns-to-office-to-find-trumps-sock-on-door-knob/,"Less than an hour after finishing his awkward Congressional testimony, Attorney General discovered the size five foot sock suspended from his office door."
253,285,Ruth Ginsburg Threatens To “Resign From SCOTUS” If Trump Is Elected President,http://therightists.com/ruth-ginsburg-threatens-to-resign-from-scotus-if-trump-is-elected/,"The Supreme Court is in recess for the summer, but Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg took some time to reflect on its future composition, which will chiefly depend on who is elected president in November. Asked on Thursday about the prospect of Donald Trump being handed the job of selecting the next crop of justices, she seemed uneasy at the thought. “I don’t want to think about that possibility, but if it should be, then everything is up for grabs,” she told The Associated Press in a wide-ranging interview that also touched on the loss of her dear friend Antonin Scalia and some of the court’s biggest rulings in the term that ended in late June."
254,332,Hillary Clinton: Women Only Voted For Trump Because Their Husbands Told Them To,http://www.dcclothesline.com/2017/09/20/hillary-clinton-women-only-voted-for-trump-because-their-husbands-told-them-to/,"Hillary Clinton’s delusions continue. It’s been almost a year since the election, and now Hillary’s blaming married women who voted for Donald Trump for her loss to the president back in November.Still unwilling to take any responsibility for her loss to Donald Trump, Hillary continues to play the blame game.  So far, she’s blamed everyone from her most trusted advisor, Huma Abedin, to the infamous socialist and fellow democrat Bernie Sanders, for the disastrous campaign and ridiculous ideas she championed last year. But she doesn’t stop there anymore. Now it’s the fault of married women who voted for Donald Trump. According to the Daily Wire, the quintessential modern feminist Clinton says women were too scared to stand up to their husbands, boyfriends, and fathers, who told them to vote Republican, and since, clearly, women have no agency or ability to think for themselves, they listened.  Of course, that’s according to Hillary. But she blamed socialist women as well. Clinton made the outrageous claims in an interview with NPR,where she also blamed the so-called “Bernie Bros” for bullying Democratic women into avoiding the more moderate Clinton in favor of the socialist, Bernie Sanders. “You yourself in the book acknowledge that a good number of young women didn’t vote for you, which is presumably not a sexist choice. They just weren’t inspired by your message,” NPR’s Rachel Martin said during an interview with Clinton, out to promote her litany of excuses…er…recently released book, What Happened. “I think it’s a lot more complicated than that,” Clinton answered. “I did win the women’s vote. I didn’t win the vote of white women, but I got more white women votes than Barack Obama did,” she said. “Women will have no empathy for you because they will be under tremendous pressure — and I’m talking principally about white women — they will be under tremendous pressure from fathers, and husbands, and boyfriends and male employers, not to vote for ‘the girl,’” she said. –Daily Wire. But Clinton also said that even though women liked and respected her (an observation American women might disagree with generally) they were too afraid to stand up to the “oppressive Patriarchial hand” that often “forces” them to hide their allegiance to womankind. Clinton also tried pretty hard to convince NPR that she is taking the blame for her loss, but no one is buying this snake oil anymore: “I take ultimate responsibility for the loss,” Clinton said. “I was the candidate. I was the person whose name was on the ballot. And I’ll never get over that.” And even though she lost to one of the most hated candidates of all time, Hillary Clinton is refusing to go away. “I’m not going anywhere. I have the experience, I have the insight, I have the scars that I think give me not only the right but the responsibility to speak out,” Clinton said."
255,132,Hurricane Matthew Was Called ‘Hurricane Hillary’ Until Obama Banned Name,http://yournewswire.com/hurricane-matthew-hillary/,"Hurricane Matthew, the devastating storm that left a trail of dead in Haiti and the Caribbean last year, was originally named “Hurricane Hillary,” until the Obama White House intervened and demanded the name changed."
256,119,FEINSTEIN CONTINUES TO SERVICE THE COUNTRY,http://www.ini-world-report.org/2017/08/01/feinstein-continues-to-service-the-country/,“Truth or Fiction” confirms the story is true. “Snopes” confirms that it is true that Blum got the contract but not due to his wife’s influence. Of course not! (Duh!)
257,455,"Head Official Makes FINAL CALL, Hillary Most Definitely Sick With THIS",https://conservativedailypost.com/head-official-makes-final-call-hillary-most-definitely-sick-with-this/,"Posted by Matthew Bernstein | Sep 15, 2016 | Liberal Corruption"
258,327,The Democrtatic Party Forced Bernie Sanders To Drop Out Of The Race?,https://www.usasupreme.com/democrtatic-party-forced-bernie-sanders-drop-race/,"WikiLeaks editor Julian Assange has accused Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton of committing extortion by hyping fears over the possibility of a Republican victory to attract left-wing voters. Sanders supporters are waiting with bated breath for the next email dump from Julian Assange, the founder and editor in chief of Wikileaks. Because the DNC rules are suspended If Hillary Drops Out The Second Candidate With The Highest Number Of Delegates Gets The Nomination. He released hacked emails last month showing Democratic National Committee officials plotting to defeat Mrs. Clintons chief rival, Vermont Sen. Bernard Sanders.Wikileaks editor-in-chief Julian Assange promised to release more damning emails about the Clinton Foundation, and warned he has enough evidence on Hillary Clinton making secret deals with an alleged Islamic State sponsor for the FBI to indict her.We have more info, and we will publish everything when the time is right some of these materials can get Hillary Clinton to lose the nomination.Was Bernie Sanders Forced to drop out of the race?  John Pilger did an interview with Assange and is planning to use this material for his next documentary about Wikileaks founder! We going to report with every major info from this interview in the nex few days! You can read the first part of the interview in a link below! Assange 1 Pilger: Julian, we cut you off earlier when you were talking about what you felt were the most important emails that you have released. Is there any last one that you would like to mention? Moreover, also, do you have any thoughts on Bernie Sanders? I mean what is your opinion why Bernie Sanders drop out of the race? Assange: Look, I thinkyou know, we are aware how politics works in the United States. Whoeverwhatever political party gets into government is going to merge with the bureaucracy pretty damn fast. It will be in a position where it has some levers in its hand. Also, Bernie Sanders was independent candidate trying to get the nomination trough the Democratic Party. So it is easy to see why he wasnt the nominee from their ranks! Assis not focusing entirely on Clinton however, urging anyone with information on Donald Trump to come forward!"
259,293,Police: Charlottesville Was ‘Inside Job’ To Ignite Race War,http://yournewswire.com/charlottesville-inside-job/,"A Charlottesville police officer claims the riots, which pitched white supremacists against Antifa, were set up to further the agenda of the elites."
260,330,Criminal President Obama Encourages Illegal Aliens to Vote  Promises No Repercussions (VIDEO),http://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2016/11/criminal-president-obama-encourages-illegal-aliens-vote-promises-no-repercussions-video/,"When readers first sent this to us we thought, no way, not even Obama would be this lawless.  obama-illegals.  But we were wrong.  Barack Obama openly called on illegal aliens to vote in Tuesdays election.  This whole administration is lawless They lie at every turn.  They lied to get Obamacare passed.  They lied about Benghazi.  They lied about Hillarys private server and emails.  And now they are calling on illegal aliens to vote.  The video comes from Cavuto."
261,124,Secret Service Agent Says Obama Is Muslim & Gay In New Tell-All Book,http://newsexaminer.net/entertainment/secret-service-agent-says-obama-is-gay-muslim/,"Washington, DC — A former Secret Service agent whose new book is quickly climbing Amazon’s best-seller charts, said he is concerned about the state of the country and says it is time the public knows the real truth about our Commander in Chief, Barack Obama."
262,324,"VOTE FRAUD: More Than 5,000 Out-of-State Hillary Voters May have Tipped New Hampshire Against Trump",http://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2017/09/vote-fraud-5000-state-democrats-may-voted-hillary-new-hampshire/,"More evidence of voter fraud in New Hampshire has surfaced. It is now believed that over 5,000 out-of-state voters may have voted for Hillary Clinton on election day in New Hampshire because the state allows same-day registration.  New Hampshire was a close race in the 2016 Presidential election. Hillary won the four electoral votes, however; it took a week to count the votes because it was tight. Hillary received 348,521 votes, while Trump picked up 345,789. Trump   lost by 0.4 percent.  As previously reported, Hillary Clintons former top campaign lawyer, Marc Elias is behind a New Hampshire lawsuit to block a law which would force people who are registering to vote to show a form of I.D. Figures.  The Democrats are pulling out all the stops to prevent voter I.D. laws because without illegal aliens, dead people or people being bussed in to vote, the Democrats would never win another election.  Via Washington Times:  More than 6,500 people registered to vote in New Hampshire on Nov. 8 using out-of-state drivers licenses, and since then the vast majority have neither obtained an in-state license nor registered a motor vehicle.  Conservatives say the states same-day registration is an invitation for fraud because of loose proof-of-residence rules. New Hampshire House Speaker Shawn Jasper, a Republican, issued the numbers Thursday based on inquiries he made to the Department of State, which oversees elections, and the Department of Safety. Here are the numbers:  6,540 people registered and voted on Nov. 8, based on presenting out-of-state licenses.  As of Aug. 30, about 15 percent (1,014 of the voters) had been issued New Hampshire drivers licenses.  ?f the remaining 5,526, barely more than 200 (3.3 percent) had registered a motor vehicle in New Hampshire.  New Hampshire law gives drivers 60 days upon establishing residence to obtain a state license.  But more than 80 percent of voters who registered on Nov. 8 using out-of-state drivers licenses, or 5,313 of them, neither had a state license nor registered a motor vehicle almost 10 months later.  It is well known that people are bussed in to vote in New Hampshire. This is why the Democrats are fiercely working to stop any investigation into vote fraud and are working to prevent any type of voter I.D. laws. Strict laws would have tipped New Hampshire in Donald Trumps favor."
263,456,BREAKING: NFL FINES PITTSBURGH STEELERS $1M EACH FOR SKIPPING NATIONAL ANTHEM,http://globalpoliticsnow.com/breaking-nfl-fines-pittsburgh-steelers-1m-skipping-national-anthem/,"Donald Trump must have really gotten through to the NFL! After he tweeted on Sunday shaming owners for catering to PC culture while allowing players to disrespect our flag, our country, and our national anthem, everyone fell in line."
264,25,"Breaking: Islam Prohibited in Public Schools, Supreme Court Voted...Thanks to Trump",http://americannews.com/breaking-islam-prohibited-public-schools-supreme-court-voted-thanks-trump/,"When then-candidate Donald Trump spoke at rallies and discussed the importance of electing a conservative Supreme Court Justice could be nominated, the left was oblivious to how important that single issue was. Conservatives recognized that America was at risk if Democrats kept the power.Recently, the full panel of 9 justices came together for the first time to decide the fate of Islam being taught within our public school system. The decision shows just how close we came to disaster. The 5-4 ruling ultimately decided that Sharia Law or any ideology that contradicts basic human rights will not be taught in Americas public schools. This shows just how important the election of President Trump was and his decision to appoint Judge Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court.The government certainly has no business being involved in religion, but this isnt a government issue or a religious issue, Gorsuch said in a statement. This is about the judicial branch interpreting the laws as they apply to the teaching of religion. We should be teaching any religions in this country besides standard Judaeo-Christianity, as our founders wanted, and we certainly shouldnt be filling the children with lies about Islam being a religion of peace when they see the carnage on the news almost every day. Gorsuch cast the tie-breaking vote that decided that only the true historical account of Islamic history would be taught in the classroom."
265,287,"Celebrities Call For A Massive, All-Round Strike In Hollywood “Until The Fascist Trump Resigns”",http://therightists.com/celebrities-call-for-a-massive-all-round-strike-in-hollywood-until-the-fascist-trump-resigns/,"Rosie O’Donnell, Debra Messing, Ed Asner and Michael Shannon are among the dozens of artists, entertainers, and activists who have attached their names to an effort calling for a month-long protest to stop President-elect Donald Trump. “No! In the Name of Humanity We Refuse to Accept a Fascist America!” reads a full-page ad placed in the New York Times on Wednesday by the group Refuse Racism. “Donald Trump, the President-elect, is assembling a regime of grave danger,” the ad says. “Millions of people in the US and around the world are filled with deep anxiety, fear and disgust. Our anguish is right and just. Our anger must now become massive resistance – before Donald Trump is inaugurated and has the full reins of power in his hands.”</span>"
266,247,Bill Clinton Health Crisis-Family Gathering in Little Rock,http://thenewyorkevening.com/2017/07/17/bill-clinton-health-crisis-family-gathering-little-rock/,"Sources close to the Clinton family say that Slick Willy, 40th President of the United States and perpetual cheater,"
267,250,"Stuck 71 Hours in an Elevator, Man Kills and Eats his wife to survive",http://thenewyorkevening.com/2017/05/11/stuck-71-hours-elevator-man-kills-eats-wife-survive/,"Philadephia, PA | 44-year old Bruce Franklin was arrested this morning, after he confessed to killing his wife and eating her flesh while he was stuck with her in an elevator."
268,27,What Donald Trump Did For 200 Marines Shows Who He Really Is,http://americannews.com/what-donald-trump-did-for-200-marines-shows-who-he-really-is/,"Throughout his campaign, Donald Trump has demonstrated his unwavering support for our troops. This is something that has been missing from the White House for some time now. Recently, Hannity gave a report about Trump that speaks louder than any of his statements could. During the war, Trump reportedly helped 200 stranded Marines who didnt have a flight home to Florida. Cpl. Ryan Stickney claims that after his unit spent six months in Saudi Arabia, it went to Camp Lejeune in North Carolina before heading home to Miami. Due to a logistics failure, the troops ended up stranded. The way the story was told to us was that Mr. Trump found out about it and sent the airline down to take care of us, Stickney commented. And thats all we knewI remember asking Who is Donald Trump? I truly didnt know anything about him. This is the same person that the media likes to portray as selfish. It may not seem like much to most people, but it was very important to a bunch of jar heads and more importantly their families waiting for them on the hot tarmac, he continued. I have not seen a Clinton or Sanders plane, or anything else for that matter, sent to support the troops. What do you think of Trump? Is he clearly a man of his word?"
269,468,Klaus Eberwein Who Was Supposed To Testify Against Clintons Found Dead,https://www.clear-politics.com/2017/07/17/klaus-eberwein-who-was-supposed-to-testify-against-clintons-found-dead/,"The Clintons have become known for having a long list of people who died from unknown reasons under suspicious conditions, and were at the same time, either dangerously connected to them, or representing a threat to them. From recently, sadly, the list has one more name on it."
270,118,"SAVE THIS FOR NEXT TUESDAY NIGHT, NOVEMBER 8TH ~",http://www.ini-world-report.org/2016/11/02/save-this-for-next-tuesday-night-november-8th/,"BUSTED, HERE ARE THE COMPLETE ELECTION RESULTS"
271,454,Does Hillary Clinton Have Kuru Disease From Cannibalism?,https://conservativedailypost.com/evidence-hillary-now-confirmed-to-have-kuru-disease-from-cannibalism-proof/,"Posted by Elliot Bougis | Nov 9, 2016 | Breaking News"
272,24,The Clinton Body Count Continues...New Evidences Revealed,http://americannews.com/24759-2/,"Most Conservatives know that the Clintons pose a real threat to America and their body count continues to rise. They have killed more people than the Swine Flu and Ebola combined. Of course everybody wants to ask the obvious question about Hillary Clintons IT guy, Why would a server guy plead the 5th?! One answer, he did it to save his life. This man is a liability because he may know more than anyone about the killings.Sorcha Faal believes that its best to err on the side of caution, but not doing so will put you in the dog pound with the Mafia, otherwise known as the Clinton Foundation:In what a new Foreign Intelligence Service(SVR) report circulating in the Kremlin today calls a ""master incestuous maneuver"", the Bush Crime Family has rushed to the side of Hillary Clinton afrter a top United Nations official set to testify her in a US District Court yesterday was found dead by FBI agents who were set to deliver him before a Grand Jury. (Note: some words and phrases appearing in this report are English language approximations of Russian words and phrases having no exact counterpart.) According to this report, former UN Presiden John Ashe was scheduled to terstify against Hillary Clinton yesterday in a New York City US District Court, but when FBI agents arrived at his Dobbs Ferry, New York, mansion he was found dead of what current UN President Mogens Lykketoft said was a heart attack-but that SVR intelligence analysts say in this report is impossible to determine prior to an autopsy being performed and medical tests conducted. This is reminiscent of the time that Ron Brown went on an assignment for the Clintons and his plane just so happened to crash into a mountain.CNN reported at the time that Browns hand was forced:A former business partner of the late Commerce Secretary Ron Brown testified in U.S. District Court Monday that Brown had told her President and Mrs. Clinton supported at White House plan to sell seats on international trade missions to raise campaign contributions. Nolanda Hill, who is under federal indictment for fraudulent business practices, claimed Brown was angered when White House political operatives forced him to provide seats on trade missions as a fund-raising device.The Clintons will do anything for money. Dont forget they sold secrets to the Chinese for campaign contributions. This Chinese billionaire has avoided the Clintons death wish so far. Faal continues:Along with UN President Ashe and Chinese billionaire Seng being indicted for being a part of this massive bribery scheme to enrich the Clinton's and fuel Hillary's presidential run, this report notes, Francis Lorenzo, the ambassador to the UN for the Dominican Republic, and the top two executives for the Global Sustainability Foundation(GSF), Sheri Yan and Heidi Hon Piao, were, also, changed, all of whom had reached plea deals in exchange for their testimony against the Clinton's and Seng-has had, likewise, UN President Ashe done just prior to his death. Grimly to note too, this report continues, is that a ""powerful indicator"" that UN President Ashe was being targeted for death revealed itself this past January(2016) when Chinese billionare Seng (currently under house arrest in his New York City penthouse) suddenly dropped his bid for a speedy trial-and which SVR analysts in this reoprt attribute to his being given ""assurances/guarantees"" by the Clinton's that once Hillary gained the US presidency he would pardoned. Make no mistake, Hillary enjoys the killings. The Clintons are dangerous and they will sell America down the river with no remorse."
275,290,Michelle Obama Deletes Hillary Clinton From Twitter,http://yournewswire.com/michelle-obama-deletes-hillary-clinton-twitter/,Michelle Obama deleted Hillary Clinton from both of her Twitter accounts as news broke that Clinton is under two different FBI investigations
276,536,DEMOCRAT GOVERNOR & CLINTON INSIDER BUSTED Trying To COVER UP MASSIVE VOTER FRAUD … TRUMP WAS RIGHT,http://patriothangout.com/ider-bkkked-0/,Democrats love voters.
277,131,Uncovered Voter Fraud In New Hampshire Tipped State For Hillary,http://yournewswire.com/voter-fraud-new-hampshire-hillary/,"Nearly 7,000 illegal voters were found to have voted for Hillary Clinton in New Hampshire on November 8, according to official figures."
278,469,Bill Clintons Health Condition Update,https://www.clear-politics.com/2017/04/29/bill-clintons-health-condition-update/,"According to some sources close to the Clinton family, Bill Clinton is facing some tough situations that are going to make his next week very hard."
279,18,Hillary Clinton Busted in the Middle of Huge Pedophilia Ring Cover Up  At State Department,http://24wpn.com/index.php/2017/04/29/hillary-clinton-busted-in-the-middle-of-huge-pedophilia-ring-cover-up-at-state-department-video/,"An NBC news report claims that Hillary Clinton, while secretary of state, shut down an investigation into an elite pedophile ring in State Department ranks in order to avoid scandal and protect the careers of high ranking officials and an ambassador. The NBC investigation was broadcast at a time when they were a real news organization rather than a branch of the Democratic Partys PR department, and provided internal State Department memos to back up claims of a massive Hillary Clinton elite pedophile ring cover-up. Serious allegations concerning the State Department, the NBC anchor announced, before launching into the disturbing details that mainstream media would be unable to report on in 2017. According to internal State Department memos the agency might have called off or intervened into investigations into possibly illegal, inappropriate behavior within its ranks allegedly to protect jobs and avoid scandals. This concerns a time when Hillary Clinton was secretary of state. There is an old saying in Washington that the cover-up is worse than the crime. But in this case both parts of it are disturbing, Chuck Todd continued.Allegations of prostitution and pedophilia, and allegations that those crimes were somehow covered up or not looked into. So the State Department this morning is having to respond to those claims, and those investigations involve misconduct by State Department officials, including an Ambassador and security agents attached to then secretary of state, Hillary Clinton.The allegations are that these investigations were whitewashed, quashed altogether, and that those orders came from high up. NBC has obtained documents relating to ongoing investigations into some disturbing allegations involving State Department personnel and at least one ambassador. A State Department memo says, quote, the Ambassador routinely ditched his protective security detail in order to solicit sexual favors from both prostitutes and minor children.The memo also says a top State Department official directed State Department investigators to cease the investigation into the ambassadors conduct. Its just one of what another document describes as several examples of undue influence from top State Department officials. Elite pedophile ring In contrast to Clintons cover-up, President Trump has announced a federal investigation into the elite pedophile scandal involving human trafficking earlier this month and promised to help put an end to the horrific, really horrific crimes taking place. The president held a short, dramatic press conference after meeting with human trafficking experts to announce that he will direct the Department of Justice, the Department of Homeland Security and other federal agencies to devote more resources and personnel to the investigation. Appearing at the press conference for less than two minutes, President Trump said that the issue has been on the radar of federal government for some time but since taking office in January the investigation has become much more focused. It has been much more focused over the last four weeks, I can tell you that."
280,318,MAKE SOROS HAPPY: CLINTON CAMPAIGN DISCUSSES IMPORTANCE OF PLEASING BILLIONAIRE IN HACKED EMAIL,https://www.infowars.com/make-soros-happy-clinton-campaign-discusses-importance-of-pleasing-billionaire-in-leaked-email/,Members of Hillary Clintons presidential campaign discussed the political importance of pleasing billionaire George Soros in emails published by WikiLeaks.
281,535,FRAUD: Democrat Worker Sentenced to Prison for Registering Dead Voters,http://patriothangout.com/fraud-democrat-worker-sentenced-prison-registering-dead-voters/,"HANNITY| A liberal student at James Madison University was sentenced to upwards of four months in prison for registering dead people to vote in the state of Virginia, reports the Richmond Times-Dispatch. Andrew Spieles, a 21-year old man from Harrisonburg, Virginia, was found guilty after admitting he filed phony registration applications at least 18 times, often involving dead people. The student worked for Harrisonburg Votes, an organization with close ties to the state’s democratic party. “In August 2016, Spieles was directed to combine his registration numbers with those of another individual because their respective territories overlapped,” said a statement from the U.S. Attorney’s Office. “Every Thursday an employee/volunteer hand-delivered the paper copies of the registration forms to the Registrar’s Office in Harrisonburg.” The scheme was discovered after election officials noticed that new voter applications were turning up in the names of recently deceased people, including the father of a prominent local judge. “The Registrar’s Office discovered multiple instances of similarly falsified forms when it reviewed additional registrations. Some were in the names of deceased individuals while others bore incorrect middle names, birth dates, and social security numbers,” the statement added. Spieles told the court he submitted the fraudulent material in order to reach a pre-determined “quota” imposed on him by Harrisonburg Votes."
282,19,Breaking: Sharia Law is Gone--The House Made a Decision,http://24wpn.com/index.php/2017/04/29/breaking-sharia-law-is-gone-the-house-made-a-decision/,"Former president Barack Obama and his Democrats wanted us to believe that Muslims are good and kind, that theyre just a bunch of unfortunate people forced to leave their homelands.Obama wanted you to think that these poor people are just here to assimilate and leave the American dream. No, they dont want to live the American dream, but take it. Most Muslims come to this country to shoot and run over innocent people just because they want. America went through hell during Obamas presidency, because the former president didnt fight against terrorists. Moreover, he armed them. Have you ever seen Obama do anything to blast terrorists? No, he supported Muslims and gave them more rights than Americans will ever have. Now Muslims are trying to plant their Sharia law in every institution across the country. Is this what Obama referred to when he said that Muslims are here to assimilate? This law is the most terrible of them all. According to this law, you can get killed for being a gay, and rape victims cant do anything to punish rapists. Can you believe this? President Donald Trump will never allow anything like this, and he was clear about this during his presidential campaign. The good news is that the House passed a new bill that bans the application of foreign law. Democrats and Muslims arent quite happy about it, and they complain that the new bill only targets Muslims, and approves xenophobia and racism. Really? Weve heard a lot of discussions about this being a religious law and specifically directed at preventing Sharia law and I just dont read it that way, explained Republican Theresa Hamilton. Sandy Montgomery had a similar opinion. We have allowed legal immigrants, illegal immigrants and now refugees to take advantage of our law and culture to take up their own agendas. They have no intention to abide by our laws, nor are they interested in assimilating to our culture, she said. What do you think about this bill? Will Muslims protest again?"
