,article_id,title,text,label
0,316,Obama Family Rumored to Be in the Market for Expensive Martha’s Vineyard Property,"President Barack Obama spent eight years warning about the supposed threat of man-made global warming, which included massive and catastrophic rising sea levels. Conservative Republicans and President Donald Trump, we were told, are on the “wrong side of history” when it comes to climate change.",Fake
1,16,BOOM: PRESIDENT TRUMP SENT MICHELLE OBAMA A BILL SHE`LL NEVER BE ABLE TO PAY IN HER LIFETIME!!,"Michelle Obama will go down in history as the First Lady who spent more money than any other. In addition to her 214 personal assistants, 32 gardeners, 11 dog walkers and her own mother on the government payroll as a “day care provider,” Moochelle also purchased $11 million worth of new furniture, an airplane, four yachts and two limousines with taxpayer money. What’s worse is that after she left, she decided she should be able to keep all of that stuff, even though technically it belongs to the American people. After an audit by the White House budget office, President Trump ordered that Michelle Obama be sent a bill for everything she should have paid for by herself but used government money instead. The bill, which totals eleventy billion dollars, is more than the Obama family will likely be able to afford in their lifetime. The tab includes $10 billion for vacations and the balance in food, clothing, liquor and cigarettes that should have been paid for out of their own pockets. The planes, boats and cars have been repossessed but they still have to pay for their use, wear and tear and fuel consumption. President Trump isn’t messing around, either. Press Secretary Sean Spicer’s assistant, Karen, told the Federalist: “PRESIDENT TRUMP WILL GARNISH THEIR PENSIONS, PUT LIENS ON THEIR PROPERTIES AND IF NECESSARY, STRIP THEM OF THEIR CITIZENSHIP AND SEND THEM BACK TO KENYA. THE AMERICAN PEOPLE NEED THAT MONEY TO INVEST IN WHOLESOME PROJECTS LIKE THE NEW IVANKA TRUMP RETAIL STORES THAT WILL BRING 1200 JOBS TO AMERICA, LOWERING THE UNEMPLOYMENT RATE TO 2.1 PERCENT. OBAMA NEVER HAD NUMBERS LIKE THAT.” Indeed he did not. Obama caused the worst unemployment crisis this country has ever seen, with more than 170 million people out of work at one time or another. The disgraceful spending by his wife could have been spent on training those people rather than just giving them all $62K a year in welfare benefits. That’s all over now. And Moochelle will pay.",Fake
2,116,Audio: Seymour Hersh States Seth Rich Was WikiLeaks Source,"In an audio recording provided to Big League Politics by a source that currently wishes to remain anonymous, journalist Seymour Hersh confirms that Seth Rich had contacted WikiLeaks with sample emails from the leak. Hersh cites an FBI document as proof for his claim.",Fake
3,115,Proof that Mass Voter Fraud Swung New Hampshire Election ~,"Republicans have been warning about the dangers of voter fraud for years, and for most of that time Democrats have been pretending that the problem just doesn’t exist.",Fake
4,328,MSM SILENT: Ben Carson Finds $500 BILLION in Fraud-Mismanagement in HUD Audit,"HUD Director Dr. Ben Carson found a big economic pitfall by the Obama administration.  The mainstream media has neglected to report on a BIG find by Dr. Ben Carson. The Trump cabinet is a winning cabinet.  Dr. Carson dug into the agencies records in a sweeping audit wherein he found substantial bookkeeping errors, which only prove either the incompetence or the corrupt nature of the previous administration led by former-president, Barack Obama.  The HUD report found $500 billion in fraud and mismanagement in the government agency.  What We Found  The total amounts of errors corrected in HUDs notes and consolidated financial statements were $516.4 billion and $3.4 billion, respectively. There were several other unresolved audit matters, which restricted our ability to obtain sufficient, appropriate evidence to express an opinion. These unresolved audit matters relate to (1) the Office of General Counsels refusal to sign the management representation letter, (2) HUDs improper use of cumulative and first-in, first-out budgetary accounting methods of disbursing community planning and development program funds, (3) the $4.2 billion in nonpooled loan assets from Ginnie Maes stand-alone financial statements that we could not audit due to inadequate support, (4) the improper accounting for certain HUD assets and liabilities, and (5) material differences between HUDs subledger and general ledger accounts. This audit report contains 11 material weaknesses, 7 significant deficiencies, and 5 instances of noncompliance with applicable laws and regulations.  We took a screenshot of the .pdf file that outlines the findings by Dr. Carson and his team:  So far the Trump administration has had opposition from the left and the mainstream media. This is just another example of the terrible reporting you can find from their mouthpieces.",Fake
5,100,Chris Christie: “Women’s Viagra Pill Will Only Increase Lesbianism”,"“The New York Times relates that “Representative Cathy McMorris Rogers of Washington State, the top-ranking Republican woman in the House, was quoted by The Daily Beast last week as saying that Democrats were fabricating the “war on women” to distract from real issues. Joan Walsh wrote on AlterNet: “Read and decide for yourself if this war on women is imaginary:”",Fake
6,249,Sadiq Khan's Anti-Trump Attitude Gets DESTROYED by Queen Elizabeth...Media SHOCKED,Queen Elizabeth is not putting up with Sadiq Khan’s rhetoric — and the media isn’t saying a word about it.,Fake
7,329,"Loud-Mouth Liberal Ashley Judd Wants To Live In Middle East Where Women Have More Rights, Gets Unexpected Surprise!","Loud-mouth liberal celebrity, Ashley Judd, sent Tweets saying America lacks behind some other countries in equal rights for women. Does she want to go live there then, because we can start a GoFundMe for her one-way ticket to Burundi, Serbia, or Iraq which apparently treat women better than America. Maybe she forgets about the Muslims who murder Christians in the Middle East. Maybe she wants some acid thrown in her face or a gay friend tossed off a 5 story building. All of those can be arranged with her trip when she moves out of America. Im sure they would love to have a C-List celebrity with no gratitude for the great American country she lives in as a millionaire.  Ashley Judds terrible Tweets were met with hilariously heavy criticism from the plethora of much smarter people on the Internet. You would think someone like Judd hasnt surpassed 7th grade by the amount of stupid things she says. As long as you made it halfway through seventh grade, then youre probably smarter than this twit.  Start packing your bags, ladies. All ten of them with the blow-dryers and 46 colors of nail polish. Get your giant vagina costume all stuffed into a carry-on, or better yet, wear it on your flight to Iraq. Lets see how fast youre on a flight back to America. No chance you ladies survive a day in another country. Youll be back to the USA faster than the next Womens March can hire another terrorist or murderer. Youll be back to America faster than Madonna can hand out sexual favors for Clinton votes -whats she owe, like 50 million favors? Any woman who leaves America because of a numeric ranking is absurd, but I will fully support you leaving the country and making room for more intelligent women to take over. Seriously, please, get out. Make room for people with logically working brains filled to the brim with common sense and lacking stupidity.  You tell us. You know everything. Read the darn Constitution for once and stop reminding everyone that youve gone full stupid. You know Twitter users DRILLED her for this.  Here are some of the great replies from Twitter.  Usually when the Constitution is read, then people actually know it. It covers all people. Its not sexually discriminating. God forbid someone who speaks in front of thousands of people actually knows what shes talking about. You can read about the Constitution on Wikipediaand become a genius in about 15 minutes.  Lest we forget the horrible speech she gave to the beta males and man-hating feminists at the Womens March, which was quite possibly the most embarrassing thing a large group of women has ever done. Id like to see a mens march and our version of the costumes. I wonder how long that would last before we were arrested thanks to some whiny feminists. Typical double standard, which is what the democrats are really good at. That and being victims of literally everything they can think of. Their biggest enemy is themselves.",Fake
8,288,Hillary Clinton In 2013: “I Would Like To See People Like Donald Trump Run For Office; They’re Honest And Can’t Be Bought”,"Before running against billionaire real estate mogul Donald Trump for the presidency, Secretary of State Hillary Clinton told an audience at a private, paid speech she wanted to see more successful businessmen and women run for office because they can’t be bought.",Fake
9,538,Nancy Pelosi In Critical Condition After Head-On Car Crash,Democrat Senator Nancy Pelosi was involved in a car crash yesterday in her home state of California after a town hall event where she once again accused Donald Trump of “colluding with Russia.”,Fake
10,117,THE UNANSWERED MYSTERY OF THE CENTURY!!! A GREAT SIGNIFICANT SERIOUS MYSTERY ~    A MUST READ !!!,(and the answer to the final question below is: “No! just dumbed-down!!!”),Fake
11,504,MAN PARDONED BY OBAMA 3 MONTHS AGO ARRESTED FOR MURDER,"Just 94 days ago, James G. Winters of Gainesville, FL was pardoned from a life sentence by former President Barack Obama.",Fake
12,114,Minnesota Just Handed Full Control To Muslims To Take Down ‘Infidels’,You’d think that America would learn to go against the lane that Europe is in to avoid being overrun by terrorists. But denial is a crazy thing… We’ve got high up government officials who are on board with bringing Sharia law and destroying America and we have dim witted citizens who believe everything the mainstream media has to say.,Fake
13,539,BREAKING: Malia Obama Busted Buying 6 POUNDS Of Marijuana In Chicago,"If you thought that one little joint Malia Obama smoked while she was shaking her ass at Lollapalooza last year was bad, you ain’t seen nothing yet.",Fake
14,276,JUST IN: Trump is BANNED From Donating to Hurricane Harvey Victims or Doing Charity work because his Charity Organisations are being investigated for PONZI style SCAMS,"Donald Trump will not be allowed to donate $1 million to hurricane Harvey efforts because his Charity Organisations are under investigation for scamming the American people for many years, probably decades.  Until the investigations into the “scamming activities” into Trump’s Charity organisations are finished, Trump is literally banned from any charitable activities or from making donations. The New York Attorney General is investigating Trump’s activities.",Fake
15,14,KATIE COURIC SPEAKS OUT ON CANCELING CLINTON INTERVIEW: ‘IT WAS OVER WHEN SHE CALLED HIM THE N WORD’,"Katie Couric has come out publicly and corroborated the story of a fired sound tech who clearly heard Hillary Clinton use the “N” word and refused to remain quiet. Couric, who was in a conversation with Clinton during commercial, was the only other witness to the hot mic gaffe. After being casually asked how she was doing since the election, Clinton made reference to “that f*cking orange baboon” and referred to Barack Obama as “that n*gger Obama.” Couric was so offended she refused to continue. Clinton was asked to leave but on the way out her goons stopped at the sound booth and confiscated all footage, both audio and video, from lead engineer Chuck Halstead. Halstead said his sound guy, Myron Beetlethong, heard the entire conversation and recorded it but that only Katie herself could corroborate.She did so this morning. Now Clinton will get to explain to the tens of millions of people who think she’s some champion for good how she could be so casually vulgar and racist. Couric says Clinton won’t be welcome back at CBS anytime soon and that she’s sorry she voted for her. That’s a sentiment you hear a lot these days.",Fake
16,15,SHOCK CLAIM: Hillary To Be Indicted On Criminal Charges,Top investigators in the Department of Justice believe there is ample evidence of Hillary Clinton’s guilt despite fired-FBI Director James Comey’s decision to drop the investigation weeks before the 2016 election.,Fake
17,375,"CDC Proposes Rule to Apprehend and Detain anyone, anywhere, at any time, for any duration, without Due Process or right of Appeal - and administer FORCED Vaccinations!","The Centers for Disease Control (CDC) has proposed a ""rule"" giving them the power to apprehend and detain anyone, anywhere, at any time, without Due Process or any right of appeal, and to hold that person in quarantine for as long as the CDC wants -- and no one can refuse them!   Editor's Opinion:  This is the kind of tyranny that the Second Amendment is designed to protect Americans from.",Fake
18,376,OUTRAGE: What Obama Just Did to the White House Logo Will Make You Sick,CONSERVATIVE TRIBUNE,Fake
19,38,Wikileaks Massive Exposure: Here Are 6 Republicans Who Took Bribes From Clinton To ‘Destroy Trump’,"Hillary Clinton is still whining about her humiliating loss to President Donald Trump in last year’s election. She plans to take him down and her plan involves some powerful Republicans. Wikileaks named Paul Ryan, Carly Fiorina, John Kasich, Jeb Bush, Lindsey Graham, and John McCain as Republicans who were paid off by Clinton to ensure that Donald Trump lost the election, or undermine him if he won as reported by Conservative Daily Post. Her evil plot was revealed in an email sent last July from Clinton’s campaign manager John Podesta to top aide Huma Abedin. Podesta detailed how the funds were being redirected from Clinton’s campaign to the Super PACs of Carly Fiorina, John Kasich, and Jeb Bush. “JB, CF, and JK PACS will be noticeably silent for the rest of the campaign.” The email continued, “Each will receive a significant allowance from advertising budget. HRC is in the loop and has talked to all three personally. Eyes only.” As revealed in other emails, several members of the Republican Party were bought off in order to push the Clinton agenda forward. Only one day before Speaker of the House Paul Ryan retracted Donald Trump’s invitation to speak at an event in Wisconsin, an email was sent out that could be to blame. It read, “He is on board, will retract the invitation to speak. Eyes only.” Other Clinton emails imply that money is being moved to Republican elected officials in the House and Senate. For example, right after John McCain attacked President Trump by publicly criticizing him, FEC records show that two large donations from PACS and private sources went to the senator immediately after.",Fake
20,70,A Russian Writer Claiming To Be Putin’s Lover Found Dead In His Swiss Apartment,"Writer, Louri Michaelevitch, a former personnal assistant of the Russian President, was found dead last monday in his swiss appartment after some of the neighbors complained about the smell emanating from the residence. According to the city’s police departmnent, many clues collected on the site suggest that he might have been the victim of an elaborate murder plot. “The police forces have only been able to proceed to preliminary analysis before we spotted a source of radiations on the scene and had to call a decontamination team” explains Sven Munger of the Zurich Police Department.”We can confirm that the radioactive agent is a very rare russian product named TCDD Dioxin. The clues we have collected are insufficient to pronounce a definitive conclusion, but the complexity of the of plot we have exposed greatly reduces the number of suspects.” The victim had attracted a lot of attention from the Russian government and media in 2011 when he had written a book entitled “Я был любовник Путина” (“I was Putin’s Lover“), which was taken off the shelves before the official release, after a presidential decree. A warrant demanding the arrest of the author was also issued across Russia, leading him to file a demand of political asylum from the helvetic state. Many sources also claim that Mr Michaelevitch had dinner with an attaché of the Russian embassy five days before his body was found, a case strangely similar to that of the former Ukrainian President Viktor Yushchenko in 1999.",Fake
21,106,NPR: 25 Million Votes For Clinton ‘Completely Fake’ – She Lost Popular Vote,"A study published by NPR reveals that over 25 million Hillary Clinton votes were completely fraudulent, meaning that the Democratic candidate actually lost the popular vote by a huge margin.",Fake
22,175,President Obama Confirms He Will Refuse to Leave Office if Trump Is Elected?,"President Obama Confirms He Will Refuse to Leave Office if Trump Is Elected? President Obama told CNN’s Wolf Blitzer in an interview that “in the best interest of our nation,” he will refuse to leave office if GOP candidate Donald Trump is elected president: ‘The current President claims he is fully prepared to ignore the popular vote if it means stopping Trump, having found what he believes is a little-known loophole that would allow him to remain in charge until he re-election is called.’ “As president, I must do what I feel is in the best interest of our nation,” Obama allegedly explained. “If the American people elect ‘the Donald’ I will be forced to take whatever actions I deem necessary.” Do you think Obama will circumvent the democratic process and defy the Constitution in order to avoid having to relinquish power. Share and comment your thoughts!",Fake
23,105,TODAY: Trump Authorizes Congress To Pursue Criminal Charges Against Hillary,"President Trump has approved Congress to seek after criminal allegations against Hillary Clinton, regardless of the possibility that that implies she winds up in jail.",Fake
24,107,CONFIRMED: Mueller Team Can Be Disbarred For Clinton Conflicts In Trump Case,A top national attorney in consultation with U.S. attorneys confirmed to Big League Politics that special counsel Robert Mueller and members of his team can be formally disbarred for waging the “Russia” case against President Donald Trump. Mueller and his associates have glaring conflicts of interest in the case concerning Trump.,Fake
25,202,Look How the UN Reacted When President Trump Openly Slammed Socialism,Trump’s first address to the UN General Assembly as President of the United States was highly anticipated. And none were so eager as true American patriots.,Fake
26,113,SMOKING GUN: Proof That Obama WIRETAPPED Trump,"WHILE SOME ARE FLAT OUT DENYING THAT OBAMA WOULD BE INVOLVED IN WIRETAPPING DONALD TRUMP, SOME EX OBAMA OFFICIALS ARE SUBTLY CONFIRMING THAT HIS ADMINISTRATION DID DO IT!",Fake
27,362,"JUST IN: As Trump And The DOJ Reopen Hillarys Investigation, She Escapes To Another Country!","In light of new events, we have learned that after President Trump instructed the DOJ to reopen Hillary Clintons investigation in regards to her email hacking affair, she might be fleeing the country.",Fake
28,339,BREAKING: Democrat Senator That Ran Sex And Drugs Party Plane Sells Out His Customers,"US Senator Marshall Sherman of Vermont is finding out quickly that there is little room for his kind of shenanigans in Donald Trump’s America. After being caught red-handed on a private plane with a crew of casino workers and hookers, Sherman has decided that he will disclose his list of regular customers in exchange for a plea deal to a lesser charge.",Fake
29,565,"Uncovered: Trump saved Indiana boy’s life in 1984, voters touched","Donald Trump wasn’t thinking about running for President in 1984, but his heart was in the right place for one young boy’s struggle with HIV and AIDS. Ryan White was infected with HIV when he was only 13 years old. He had hemophilia, a blood-clotting disease that meant he needed to get blood transfusions all through his childhood. In the 1980s, HIV was a new disease and no one yet knew to screen donated blood. Ryan White was one of the first people in the US to talk openly about having HIV and became famous in the US and all over the world. He bravely fought to educate others about HIV and against the stigma and discrimination HIV-positive people often face. In 1984, Ryan’s high school in Kokomo, Indiana, learned about his status. They refused to let him return to the school for fear that he would infect other students. Ryan was only allowed to participate in classroom activities by telephone. His family fought the superintendent’s decision in court and Ryan was able to return to school after a judge ruled in his favor. He was tormented when he returned to school. Students frequently insulted him and wrote degrading statements on his locker. His family faced discrimination as well. Store clerks refused to hand his mother change because they didn’t want to touch her. Restaurants threw away plates and silverware after the White family ate there. Someone even fired a gun into a window of the family’s home. In 1987 the Whites moved to Cicero, Indiana, so Ryan could attend a school that would not discriminate against him. Instead, the school board held conferences for parents and students to educate the community about HIV/AIDS and to encourage compassion rather than fear and discrimination. A student at Ryan’s new high school later said, “When he first came a lot of people were really scared, but Ryan helped all of us to understand.” In 1988, Ryan spoke at the President’s Commission on AIDS. “Because of the lack of education on AIDS, discrimination, fear, panic, and lies surrounded me. I was labeled a troublemaker, my mom an unfit mother, and I was not welcome anywhere. People would get up and leave so they would not have to sit anywhere near me. Even at church, people would not shake my hand. This brought on the news media, TV crews, interviews, and numerous public appearances. I became known as the AIDS boy. I received thousands of letters of support from all around the world, all because I wanted to go to school.” Ryan became very ill during his senior year of high school. Celebrities and public figures, including Vice President Dan Quayle, President George H.W. Bush, Donald Trump, Michael Jackson, and Elton John, called while Ryan was in the hospital to wish him well. At this time, though, doctors knew very little about how to treat HIV. Ryan died on April 8, 1990, surrounded by his mother, grandparents, and Elton John. Even in death Ryan could not escape the hatred and discrimination; his gravesite was vandalized four times in the following two years. Ryan’s story was told in many newspapers, magazines, and television shows, and a TV movie was made about his life. His courage and openness started the conversation about HIV and the prejudice HIV-positive people face. At a time when HIV was called a gay disease or a drug addict’s disease, Ryan would say, “I’m just like everyone else with AIDS, no matter how I got it.” Trump and Michael Jackson visited the boy frequently and Donald paid for his health treatments via his exclusive jets.",Fake
30,48,White Supremacist Who Killed Protester Is A Democrat And Visited Obama In Oval Office,"Conservative author Dinesh D’Souza uncovered something that blows the Left’s whole narrative to bits. While they have been throwing around claims that the white supremacist who ran over a protester who was blocking the road is a Republican, D’Souza discovered he actually an Obama-supporting Democrat.",Fake
31,203,What Obama Did Yesterday on Wall Street Makes Even His Own Friends Hate Him,Democrats and mainstream media have done the “impossible” to attack Trump and let the public forget how bad Obama was as a president.,Fake
32,13,Newly Leaked Report Shows Hillary DID NOT Win New Hampshire…And Dems Are PANICKING,"President Trump won the election fair and square, but more and more evidence keeps piling up that his big win might have been in spite of Democratic voter fraud. First there was the study suggesting millions of non-citizens voted, now there appears to be evidence that thousands of non-residents may have actually given a whole state to Hillary Clinton. New Hampshire House Speaker Shawn Jasper (R) reported numbers on Thursday that indicate more than 6,500 people registered to vote in New Hampshire using out-of-state drivers licenses, Washington Times reports. Since the election, many of those people, most of whom were from nearby Massachusetts, never got an in-state license. Some have suggested the state’s same-day registration rules could be to blame, as people from Massachusetts- a solidly blue state- could travel to New Hampshire, vote, and then leave in one day. White House Policy Advisor Stephen Miller was unsurprised by Jasper’s findings, saying: “Having worked before on a campaign in New Hampshire, I can tell you that this issue of busing voters into New Hampshire is widely known by anyone who’s worked in New Hampshire politics. It’s very real. It’s very serious. This morning, on this show, is not the venue for me to lay out all the evidence.” Leave it to Democrats to travel from miles around just to tell other people how they should be governed, in a state they don’t even live in. Here’s the three numbers you need to know: 6,540 people registered and voted on the same day- November 8th, by showing out-of-state licenses.  About 5,300 of those people had not received a New Hampshire driver’s license or registered a vehicle in New Hampshire several months later.  President Trump lost New Hampshire by 2,736 votes.  This seems like pretty strong evidence of suspicious voting activity, with real consequences for elections. Don’t be surprised if you don’t hear the media advertise this though, and this absolutely needs to get out there- so SHARE it LOUD and PROUD, Patriots!",Fake
33,559,Donald Trump signs a visa-free travel policy for Pakistan,"The United States President, Donald Trump has signed an executive order to allow all Pakistan nationals travel to the United States without visas.",Fake
34,377,White House CANCELS all Obama Appearances at Hillary Campaign Events! ! !,"Now, we know it's bad! The FBI Director's announcement that the Bureau had found more emails pertinent to its Hillary Clinton private e-mail server investigation, and was re-opening that investigation, sent shockwaves across the political spectrum this afternoon.",Fake
35,506,Whoopi Goldberg: Navy SEAL Widow was “Looking for Attention”,Whoopi Goldberg is in hot water after comments she made Wednesday regarding the Navy SEAL widow that was honored last night during President Donald Trump’s historical speech.,Fake
36,215,Russia Declares “State Of War Now Exists”: Orders “Masterchain” Destruction Of America,"An apocalyptic sounding new report released in the Kremlin today by the Security Council (SC) affirms that a “state of war” now exists between the Federation and the United States—with all members, including President Putin, authorizing a “Masterchain” counter attack against the Americans that, if fully successful, could see that nations entire economy destroyed by the end of October.  [Note: Some words and/or phrases appearing in quotes in this report are English language approximations of Russian words/phrases having no exact counterpart.]",Fake
37,360,Sharyl Attkisson: It Looks Like Obama Did Spy on Trump Just Like He Apparently Did to Me,"Investigative journalist, Sharyl Attkisson was one of the many people targeted by the Obama administration for surveillance.",Fake
38,561,A LOCAL NAACP BRANCH SAYS BLACK COPS ARE NOT REAL BLACK PEOPLE,"One of the craziest things to come out of the Keith Scott shooting in Charleston, NC is the idea that it is racist for a black police officer to use deadly force on an armed black man. A local branch of the NAACP, in its infinite wisdom, has come up with a foolproof way around this little problem. According to the organization, black cops are not real black people so therefore it is racist when they shoot actual black people.",Fake
39,313,"VAN FULL OF ILLEGALS SHOWS UP TO VOTE CLINTON AT SIX POLLING PLACES, STILL THINK VOTER FRAUD IS A MYTH?","Democrats want you to think voter fraud is a myth, but that’s because the Democrat Party benefits so much from it. In July, Election Justice USA, for example, reported that without Clinton’s team committing egregious acts of voter fraud, Sanders would have been the man to lose to Donald Trump in the national election. Instead, we have Pantsuits McCriminal, and what happened Friday is absolute proof that she will do literally anything to win.",Fake
40,270,Donald Trump Says The Earth Is Flat,"Baltimore, MD (AP) – Speaking to reporters in Baltimore on Monday, following the 138th conference for the National Guard Association of the United States, the Republican Party’s presidential nominee revealed that he is a member of a growing population known generally as flat earth truthers.",Fake
41,229,Procter & Gamble Release One Of The Most Racist Commercials Ever Attacking White People… Let’s Boycott,"In an outrageous attempt to sell more soap and household cleaning products to the American-American community, Procter & Gamble decided to produce a commercial attacking white Americans and reinforcing racial biases against blacks. The commercial, called “The Talk,” features a series of black parents telling their children how white people are racist and the system is designed to work against them.",Fake
42,174,"Los Angeles Police: 12 White Female Bodies in Garage Freezer Tagged, “Black Lives Matter”","The Los Angeles Police Department came across a gruesome discovery today when several neighbors called concerned about suspicious activity at a home in their neighborhood. Several 911 calls directed police to the 800 block of Woodland Avenue on Wednesday morning. Upon arriving at the scene, police knocked on the door to be greeted by a man who seemed “under the influence of drugs.” Upon further investigation, they found 12 White Female Bodies in Garage Freezer Tagged, Black Lives Matter.",Fake
43,248,BREAKING: Ben Carson Finds $516.4 BILLION of Mismanaged Funds...Media Silent,Housing and Urban Development Secretary Ben Carson has gotten down to business.,Fake
44,449,Edward Snowden: Osama Bin Laden is Still Alive Living in the Bahamas,"ANON JEKLOY  10:29:00 PM   BREAKINGNEWS  , featured  , hotnewsanonymous",Fake
45,228,Marquis Blackman Had A Secret Journal And It Could DESTROY Obama,"As you have probably heard by now, Barack Obama’s former butler died in the hospital under what officials say are “suspicious circumstances” following a brutal attack that seems to be a punishment for talking to the FBI.",Fake
46,49,Obama Attached A ‘Personal Message’ To The Letter He Wrote To Trump,"Senior Correspondent Art Tubolls reports from the White House that the letter released to the media from former President Obama to President Trump is an incomplete, watered down version presented by the fake news media:",Fake
47,17,Obama’s Birth Brother Breaks Silence – Reveals Barack’s True Identity,"Rumors have been spreading for years that Barack Obama was actually born in Kenya and that his Hawaiian birth certificate is a fraud. Though Obama has always denied being born in Africa, his own brother Malik just betrayed him… Obama never saw this coming… Malik Obama has been vocal about his lack of support for his brother Barack Obama. Of course, this must be a huge bone contention for the former president who claims to be a great unifier and family man. Often we have heard Obama say how much his family means to him, but that is obvious it does not include Malik. For instance, earlier this year Malik Obama tweeted Barack Obama’s alleged real birth certificate, with the name Barack Hussein Obama II, from a hospital in Kenya. Now, we cannot verify the document is real, but here is the Twitter post concerning the document.",Fake
48,272,Elton John will play at Trump’s inauguration,"Elton John will perform at Donald Trump’s initiation, asserted a key guide, who championed the extremely rich person as the main president ever to go into the White House with a “master gay rights” position.",Fake
49,216,Newport Introduces “Marijuana Cigarettes” That will Go On Sale Worldwide Next Year,"Newport Cigarettes, one of the world’s most popular cigarette brands, announced today that they will join the marijuana legalization trend and start producing marijuana cigarettes. Marketed under the brand ‘Newport Nirvana’, the cigarettes will be made available for sale through marijuana-licensed outlets in the state of Colorado, and the state of Washington.",Fake
50,110,Trump Sends Feds In To Raid NY’s Islamberg After 2 DECADES – Uncover America’s WORST Nightmare,NEW YORK’S ISLAMBERG HAS BEEN ON THE RADAR FOR TERRORISTIC ACTIVITY FOR DECADES BUT LAW OFFICIALS NEVER HAD A REASON FOR A SEARCH WARRANT.,Fake
51,348,INTEL INSTITUTE: MELANIA TRUMP HAS THE HIGHEST IQ OF ANY FIRST LADY IN AMERICAN HISTORY,This post was written by Shelby Carella,Fake
52,102,Roger Stone Blames Obama For The Possibility Of Trump Having Alzheimer’s Because “His Attacks On The President Caused Severe Stress”,"The whispers are growing louder that President Donald Trump may be suffering some sort of mental decline and cognitive impairment – and his longtime pal Roger Stone thinks it’s a conspiracy. MSNBC’s Joe Scarborough, who has known the president for years, has been suggesting on air that Trump is suffering from mental decline and possibly even dementia. Stone, who has known the president for decades and claims to remain in close contact, told InfoWars founder Alex Jones the concerns about Trump’s mental state were part of a plot to remove him from the White House, reported Mediaite. “They are going to claim that Donald Trump has Alzheimer’s…and that is the source of his insanity,” Stone told Jones.",Fake
53,217,Fort Wayne Man Dressed As Clown Shot In Head; Condition Critical,"(Dailyfinesser) FORT WAYNE, INDIANA – A man dressed as a clown was shot on the city’s south side midday Sunday. The shooting was reported just after 10:30 p.m. Sunday at 4801 Plaza Dr.",Fake
54,177,New Government Program Provides FREE GAS CARDS To Welfare Recipients,"First it was Obama Care, Obama Phones, Obama Weed and now Obama Gas. Yes, you heard that right. The White House has quietly used a provision in the law to roll out a nationwide program of free gas for the poor. According to The Detroit News, the Obama administration is using its authority under the Affordable Care Act to “improve transportation routes to hospitals”. This would make it possible for welfare recipients to receive these preloaded gas cards. This is a $2 billion a year program that will distribute 40 million gallons of gasoline for FREE each year. It will be dispensed at any gas station that participates in the program by accepting this form of payment. The Department of Health and Human Services (DHHS) will be operating the network.  Over 3,000 gas stations in 38 states have been approved to accept this payment in their stores.Dori Salcido, assistant DHHS Sec. for Public Affairs explained, “It is not something we are publicizing very much, for obvious reasons. But under the law we are well within our rights to offer this service and we think it’s good public policy. How are people supposed to get to the doctors office if they don’t have gas in their cars? Health insurance is worthless if you can’t make it to your appointments. This is just another fine example of government stepping in and solving big problems.”This type of program has worked well in oil-rich nations like Venezuela and Indonesia where they subsidize gas for the poor. However, this practice has never been tried here in the United States. This is causing much controversy with some taxpayers who are upset to see their money subsidizing others. One taxpayer, Ross Blake, shared his thoughts, “So basically I’m being punished for not living in the ghetto. I have three kids and a mortgage. Life isn’t cheap for me either. I could use some free gasoline too.” A person like Blake will unlikely be able to use this service card“Access to this gas card is determined by income,” says Ebony Jackson, a caseworker at he Department of Health and Human Services. “If you are receiving food stamps or cash assistance from the government, you will be approved. All you need to do is apply. The card will supply anywhere from $50 per month to $150 per month in free gas depending on the individual’s income. If they have no income, benefits will max out at $250 per month. This will help the unemployed person go to and from job interview.” The gas card scandal was uncovered by Nolan Finley, a conservative Detroit News columnist widely known for his groundbreaking exposé on Obama Phones. Finley says, “There is a blatant economical bias in the program and that is only one of its many outrageous aspects. The President is only trying to increase his popularity. This is something you normally only see in Third World countries. I’ve never been more scared for our democracy.”",Fake
55,139,TRUMP KNOCKED UNCONSCIOUS BY MUSLIM MAN POSING AS FOX NEWS REPORTER,A radical Muslim who attempted to kill a Christian pastor earlier this month was arrested for an attack on President Donald Trump.,Fake
56,564,Intel Institute: Melania Trump has the highest IQ of any First Lady in American History,"Melania Trump, the beautiful wife of President Trump, isn’t just a beautiful model that is a great role model to young women, but she is also the smartest. Melania Trump speaks a shocking 5 languages. That’s 4 more than Michelle Obama, and 2 more than Jacky Kennedy, who used her knowledge of French and Italian to help JFK negotiate with leaders across the Globe. Melania knows Serbian, Slovenian, German, French, and English. She knows a bit of a lot of different languages. She grew up in communist Yugoslavia and speaks five languages. Slovene, English, French, Serbian and German, if you want to know. That linguistic prowess could come in handy at White House functions, but it has been suggested her thick accent is the reason she makes few public speeches alongside her immigrant-bashing husband. Melania was raised away from the glamour of New York high society in a concrete tower block in then Yugoslavia during the rule of Marshal Josip Tito. Now that her husband has become president, Melania is the first first lady to be born in a communist nation and only the second to be born abroad, after Louisa Adams, the English wife of sixth president John Quincy, who served from 1825 to 1829. Melania’s home country appears to believe her rise to the White House could be an opportunity to increase its own standing in the world. Tiny Slovenia, with its population of two million, has positioned itself as a possible mediator between the US and Russia. Russian President Vladimir Putin, who rarely makes trips to western states, has visited Slovenia twice and the two nations have a comfortable relationship with one another. Prime Minister Miro Cerar told the Associated Press last year: “If the United States and Russia give some initiative in this way, Slovenia could become a bridge between the two powers. Donald’s apparent soft spot for Russia may mean Slovenia’s services are not required. However, Cerar said he had spoken to Melania in a phone call following the Trump election victory, both chatting in their native tongue. Intel scholars have proven her IQ is the highest based on her self made fortune and her knowledge of many languages. She’s also the best looking first lady in history.",Fake
57,477,New Financial Scandal Leads To James Comey,"According to the newest evidence, James Comey was appointed as the director of the FBI, by former President Barack Obama, only because he wants to hide the corruption of the Clinton family.",Fake
58,176,Trump Signs Law To Lower The Age Of Consensual Sex To 13 Years Of Age,"Washington, D.C. – An announcement was made on Wednesday by the Trump Administration which states a new law that will take effect January 2, 2018 and Americans are shocked and disappointed. According to the announcement, the law concerning the age of consent will be changed across all 50 states and D.C. Currently the law varies in each state with the age of consent being 16, 17, and 18 years old with age provisions and mistake of age defense clauses. Currently, according to lawyers and court officials across the US, these varying laws cause confusion from state to state. This new law is looking to create a uniformed, understood age of consent factor across the entire country. The lowered age of consent means that an individual can have sex with whomever they wish as long as that person is consenting and they are the same age or older. To have sex with someone under the age of consent is a strict liability crime known as statutory rape. It is often referred to by other names such as sexual assault, sexual misconduct with a child, etc. Many states have age-gap provisions that legalize teen sexuality as long as they are within a certain age range. This new law will do away with that age-gap provision. In all states, dating, hugging, holding hands and kissing are not illegal. In some states, fondling, groping through close or other such things known as “third-base” is illegal. This new law will make any and all contact legal as long as the child is 13 years of age or older. Now that they have done away with the age-gap provision, a 19-year-old boy can legally have sex with a 13-year-old girl without suffering any legal consequences as long as they both consent to the act.",Fake
59,10,New Document Reveals Lynch Instructed Comey to Cover-up For Hillary,"VIA| Ah, the infamous tarmac meeting.  You know…the one in which former Attorney General Loretta Lynch met with Bill Clinton…in her airplane…at the Phoenix Airport?  The one after which many people suspected that a “deal” had gone down to get Hillary off the hook? Well…according to a report in the NY Times, FBI Director James Comey may have been in the same corner as those of us who had concerns about Lynch’s objectivity and political bias towards Clinton. From NY Times: At the meeting, everyone agreed that Mr. Comey should not reveal details about the Clinton investigation. But Ms. Lynch told him to be even more circumspect: Do not even call it an investigation, she said, according to three people who attended the meeting. Call it a “matter.”",Fake
60,374,CHILD SUPPORT SAID TO END BY BEGINNING OF 2018,President Donald Trump and U.S. Congress voted yesterday on a bill that could change the world. Child support claims have said to come to an end and many officials are not happy about it.,Fake
61,338,Why Didnt FBI Dir James Comey Prosecute Hillary? Maybe this $6 Million Connection Will Explain,"By Ian Fortey Ian Fortey May 21, 2017 79,678 views",Fake
62,71,CLINTON'S ASSISTANT J. W. MCGILL IS FOUND DEAD,"Friday, 21 April, 2017 - 12:33 Johnston Wilson McGill, 34, was pronounced dead on his couch by a private doctor after suffering an apparent heart attack. It has happened just days after being summoned to appear before Trey Gowdy’s congressional committee to testify about Hillary Clinton’s email server. McGill was one of Clinton's aides. The death was reported hapanned at her home of “natural causes.” A spokesman for Clinton’s former campaign said that Huma Abedin, Clinton’s deputy campaign coordinator, found McGill when she stopped by for coffee to discuss Clinton’s plans for a run for Mayor of New York. Trey  Gowdy’s office had no official statement but his top aide, Mandy Gonsales, said that the committee isn’t happy with the circumstances of McGill’s death or the fact that his own doctor was summoned to pronounce. Abedin says she called the private doctor because she hoped he could save her friend. There will be no autopsy on the body, which will be cremated before sunset in accordance with his religion. McGill is the single son of deceased parents and has no family. No services are planned. Does this whole thing seem a little bit odd to anyone else? It feels oddly like we’ve seen things like this happen before to people who could possibly incriminate Hillary Clinton. Unfortunately, as the doctor who pronounced has an impeccable record and is an authorized coroner in new York, the findings will be accepted and entered into public record.",Fake
63,221,'FORCE BEHIND THE MOTION' EXPERIMENTS PROVE 9/11 WAS A CONTROLLED DEMOLITION,"Not one of the many experiments in this video has confirmed a real model demonstrating the smooth downward accelerations observed during the towers fall, using gravity alone.",Fake
64,205,US Begs Russia For “Mercy” In Syria After Germany Opens American War Crime Investigation,"By: Sorcha Faal, and as reported to her Western Subscribers",Fake
65,98,Coroner: Body Isnt Her  Hillary Clinton Faked Her Own Death,"Hillary Clinton is gone. No, not deadjust gone. By the time",Fake
66,171,"WV School Hires Muslim Principal Who Says ‘Sharia Is And Will Be The Law,’ Parents Furious","A grade school in Bluefield, West Virginia is under fire for hiring a Muslim supremacist who thinks Sharia law will one day rule America.",Fake
67,358,BREAKING: Conservative Icon Ted Nugent Killed In Hunting Accident,"Ted Nugent, 70’s rocker turned hunting guide and conservative icon, was shot and killed early this morning in a tragic hunting accident. While setting up his tree stand just outside a wildlife reserve in Montana, Nugent was fired on and hit in the chest by a hunter with a scope nearly a quarter of a mile away who believed he was a brown bear.",Fake
68,368,Whaaaat? Trump Chief Was Wiretapped Both Before and After the Election!,"After months of the Obama Administration and the entire left wing media complex denying it, the truth comes out. Its UNBELIEVABLE or PREDICTABLE depending on present company.",Fake
69,372,Obama Spied On Trump! One Of The Few Real Journalists Shares Her Experience With Wiretapping!,"Most of the mainstream press is obsessed with attempting to cover ex – President Barack Obama and his employees that spied on many people doing work for Donald Trump campaign, however, not everyone. One reporter who still knows what her occupation should really be about is Sharyl Attkisson.",Fake
70,212,Trump Wins Dangerous “Pakistan Gambit” That Spells “Total Doom” For US Democratic Party,An intriguing Foreign Intelligence Service (SVR) report circulating in the Kremlin today reveals that President Donald Trump has pulled off one the most dangerous “gambit deals” [an action entailing a degree of risk calculated to gain an advantage] ever attempted in modern American political history when he pitted a $225 million military aid package to Pakistan against that nation’s Inter-Services Intelligence (IS) spy agency to pressure them into agreeing to immediately surrender a Pakistani woman to US authorities—and whose testimony could very well spell the “total doom” of the entire American Democratic Party.  [Note: Some words and/or phrases appearing in quotes in this report are English language approximations of Russian words/phrases having no exact counterpart.],Fake
71,396,Feinstein: We Can’t Increase Immigration Enforcement Because No One Will Pick Our Fruit,California Sen. Dianne Feinstein warned that President Donald Trump’s immigration plan would severely cripple the agriculture industry in a Wednesday evening interview.,Fake
72,563,Uncovered: Trump Pays For Florida Boy’s Open Heart Surgery At Arnold Palmer Hospital,"The 79-year-old was joined by Donald Trump, Chairman and CEO of the Trump Organization, and Stewart Rahr – President and CEO of Kinray Inc – for the tour, and the pair surprised the philanthropic golfer by presenting him with a donation for $350,000.",Fake
73,56,BREAKING: Julian Assange Found Dead In London Alley,"After being kidnapped from the Ecuadorian embassy in the early morning hours, Julian Assange’s body was found tossed away like garbage in a London alley. Investigators from Scotland Yard are currently working with MI5 and the United States FBI to figure out exactly what transpired here today.",Fake
74,432,Chinese Lunar Rover Finds No Evidence Of American Moon Landings!,"Chinese Lunar Rover Finds No Evidence Of American Moon Landings!: A new scandal has happened after high ranking officials from the Chinese space program called the American moon landing “a complete hoax”, the Beijing Daily Express reports. The claims came after the Chinese moon rover allegedly couldn’t find any proof of American landings on the Moon. The rover took thousands of photos and after analyzing them the Chinese discovered that there’s no trace of these moon landings. Now the Chinese space program has launched a petition, already signed by 200 of its high-ranking officials, demanding explanation from the US government and the release of classified NASA information which will finally put an end to all the speculations and give definitive proof of the American moon landings. Or maybe it was just an elaborate hoax with the sole purpose to fool the world about its space program capabilities. Whatever the case they need to come forward and speak the truth. The petition has been signed by world-renowned nuclear engineer, Yury Ignatyevich Mukhin, and numbers of other prominent Russian engineers and ex-KGB agents. They’re all saying that the Russian government “has always been aware of the situation since the early 1970s”. The claims are favored by conspiracy theorists who have tried to convince the public for decades that the USA hasn’t ever landed on the Moon. The landing was just an elaborate plan to trick Russia into believing they are further ahead in the space race.",Fake
75,373,Hillary Clinton Was Caught Giving $800.00 To Fund Antifa!!,"Hillary plagued by scandals as she never learned her lesson. This woman was caught in a domestic terrorist funding scheme. It was pretty clear to all of us that Soros and his cohorts control the Antifa, we saw the Antifa paychecks and we witness that all pro-socialist oriented groups use the same narrative and have the same attitude, but nobody expected that the sore loser Hillary is still involved is flash mobs and domestic terrorism.",Fake
76,399,George Soros Furious After Cops Shut Down Lethal Trap He Set For Trump Supporters In Arizona,The bad news is nobody lives forever.,Fake
77,397,BREAKING: Congress Just Outlawed Barack Obama! This Is Huge!,"With a decisive move made in order to return our country on the right track and to get rid of Obama’s shadow government, our Congress sent an emergency bill to Donald Trump to outlaw Obama’s Deep State.",Fake
78,42,"BREAKING: Islam Prohibited In Public Schools, Supreme Court Voted… Thanks To Trump","hen then-candidate Donald Trump spoke at rallies and discussed the importance of electing a conservative Supreme Court Justice could be nominated, the left was oblivious to how important that single issue was. Conservatives recognized that America was at risk if Democrats kept the power.Recently, the full panel of 9 justices came together for the first time to decide the fate of Islam being taught within our public school system. The decision shows just how close we came to disaster. The 5-4 ruling ultimately decided that Sharia Law or any ideology that contradicts basic human rights will not be taught in America’s public schools.This shows just how important the election of President Trump was and his decision to appoint Judge Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court.“The government certainly has no business being involved in religion, but this isn’t a government issue or a religious issue,” Gorsuch said in a statement. “This is about the judicial branch interpreting the laws as they apply to the teaching of religion. We should be teaching any religions in this country besides standard Judaeo-Christianity, as our founders wanted, and we certainly shouldn’t be filling the children with lies about Islam being a ‘religion of peace’ when they see the carnage on the news almost every day.”Gorsuch cast the tie-breaking vote that decided that only the “true historical account” of Islamic history would be taught in the classroom.",Fake
79,547,Pelosi Daughters Drug Arrest: They Gave Up More Than Just Their Mom-More Arrests Coming,The DEA is working closely with the US Justice Department and the FBI to obtain arrest warrants for “three prominent members of a major political family.” The arrests would have something to do with the drug trafficking empire the Pelosis have been running out of their pool house.,Fake
80,9,President Trump Signed An Executive Order That Prevents Illegals From Using Welfare.,"VIA| Illegal immigrants do NOT have the same rights as American citizens. Illegal immigrants came here illegally and than collect welfare paid for by taxpayers money because Barack Obama didn’t seem to have a problem with it. President Trump doesn’t agree with this and has therefore signed an executive order stating no illegal will be eligible for welfare and any currently enrolled will be removed from the country. Via USA Politics Today: President Trump signed an executive order according to which any illegal who lives on welfare will be sent home. And that’s not all. America will no longer accept people who come here to live on our expense. These people will no longer be able to enter the country. “The administration would be seeking to “deny admission to any alien who is likely to become a public charge” and develop standards for “determining” whether an immigrant can be deported after five years, if that person receives a certain amount of public assistance, including Food Stamps, Temporary Assistance for Needy Families (TANF), and Medicaid.” Welfare was designed to help Americans, end of story.",Fake
81,382,Richmond Begins Mass Relocation of Low Income Blacks To Decrease City Poverty Rate,"In a move heralded by the Trump administration Richmond, Virginia joins 26 other municipalities in delivering thousands of forced eviction and relocation notices to low income residents.",Fake
82,8,BREAKING STUDY PROVES TRUMP WAS RIGHT … EVERY CITIZEN VOTER Has Been BETRAYED!,"Results from a new study concluded that millions of non-citizens could have voted in the 2008 presidential election, suggesting that President Donald Trump’s claim that more than 3 million illegal alien voters cost him the popular vote in November might be accurate. After reviewing post-election polling data, New Jersey research group Just Facts announced that the number of non-citizens voting illegally is considerably more than previous estimates, the Washington Times reported. In fact, as many as 5.7 million non-citizens may have voted in the 2008 election that gave Barack Obama his first term in the White House. Just Facts, a non-profit research and educational institute, estimated that as many as 7.9 million non-citizens illegally registered in 2008 and somewhere between 594,000 to 5.7 million actually voted in that year’s presidential election. So much for Democrats’ claim that voter fraud doesn’t exist. Oddly enough, these numbers are in line with Trump’s claim about what might have happened in 2016. Trump, who faced merciless ridicule for his claim that millions of illegal-alien voters cost him the nationwide popular vote last November, might have been closer to the truth that even he realized. If it turns out that Trump was right, then what we have at the heart of this study is the betrayal of every American voter. Because every vote cast illegally can nullify a vote cast by an American citizen, and dilute the entire electoral process. A system that allows it is betraying American democracy, and every voter should be furious about it. In May, Trump signed an executive order that established a commission to investigate voter fraud. The Presidential Commission on Election Integrity will review Trump’s allegations as well as “systemic issues that have been raised over many years in terms of the integrity of the elections.” There’s no telling what the commission will find, but if it reports that our voting system is indeed as broken as these numbers suggest, then we need to know so we can begin the process of fixing it.",Fake
83,560,Trump consoles Jehovah's Witnesses on Russia ban as he worships with them,"WASHINGTON DC  President Donald Trump, Vice President Mike Pence and their wives attended Thursday evening meeting of Jehovahs Witnesses in Washington D.C.",Fake
84,220,"Candy Flavored Meth For Kids Approved By FDA, Despite Side Effects Like Heart Attacks",Now it’s even easier (and tastier) for children to become addicted to drugs.,Fake
85,170,Trump Has Fired Muslim Sharia Judge Arrested And Charged,"As it turns out, in Donald Trump’s America, you can’t just go declaring religious laws from pagan countries that hate us to be legal if you sit on the federal judiciary. 22nd Circuit Court of Appeals Judge Hassan al-Hallamallala-Smith — an Obama nominee in 2009 — was taken into federal custody by the FBI for breaking the oath he took to uphold the Constitution.",Fake
86,99,BREAKING: FBI Raids Clinton Foundation,The FBIs BHEM task force is currently in the midst of an,Fake
87,195,"103,000 Muslims In Michigan Just Got AWFUL NEWS – Watch How They React",http://donaldtrumpnews.co/news/103000-muslims-michigan-just-got-awful-news-watch-react/,Fake
88,72,Breaking: Attorney General Jeff Sessions To Be Disbarred After Complaint Filed By Thousands Of Lawyers,"A group of attorneys from across America have just filed a complaint with the Bar Association against Trump’s Attorney General Sen. Jeff Sessions. According to the complaint, Sessions has already committed four different types of professional misconduct during his time as Attorney General. The Alabama Reporter  wrote, “Almost 2,000 attorneys from across the US have signed on to a complaint addressed to the Alabama State Bar Disciplinary Committee asking that Attorney General Jeff Session be disbarred from the Alabama State Bar.” Moreoever, Massachusetts attorney J. Whitefield Larrabee also filed a complaint with the Bar Association of Alabama accompanied by a complaint to the U.S. Department of Justice. The four complaints from the 2,000 lawyers to the Alabama Bar are below. “(1) An affirmative misrepresentation of fact under oath during testimony in Mr. Sessions’ Senate confirmation process, specifically to a question propounded by Senator Al Franken. (2) During Mr. Sessions’ US Senate confirmation hearing, failure to disclose significant facts material to an issue of national significance, that is, contacts with the Russian government during the presidential election. (3) Perjury committed during Mr. Sessions’ Senate confirmation hearing. (4) As Attorney General, withholding information about his own discussions with a representative of the Russian government, all while overseeing investigations into Russian interference with the US electoral process and Trump-Russia ties.” Larrabee also pointed out, “Jeff Sessions is now subject to more complaints than any lawyer in the history of the United States.” Larrabee also stated: “The dishonest acts that are substantiated in these Bar complaints indicate that Sessions cannot continue to properly perform his responsibilities without damaging the integrity of the Department of Justice.  The Department is a vitally important institution in our democracy.” “If Sessions does not immediately resign, it is the duty of President Trump to fire him.” Do you agree with Larrabee?",Fake
89,194,BREAKING: Obama Emerges – Makes INFURIATING Announcement,http://donaldtrumpnews.co/news/breaking-obama-emerges-makes-infuriating-announcement/,Fake
90,383,Richmond cop kills 3-yr old baby on Chamberlayne during shootout,"There was a shootout today involving 2 suspects with felonious assault warrants. During the gunfire, apparently the cops bullet penetrated",Fake
91,211,Perjury! 100% Proof Comey Lied to Congress,18 U.S. Code § 1621 – Perjury generally,Fake
92,359,"15 Dead, 400 Hospitalized in San Diego After Illegals’ Disturbing Labor Day Surprise!","Officials in the liberal southern California city of San Diego, have declared a state of emergency during the popular vacation weekend for the tourist town. Prior to admitting the problem believed to have been caused by illegal aliens in the area, fifteen people died and a whopping 400 are hospitalized.",Fake
93,398,BOMBSHELL: Obama SWEATING BULLETS! Trump Wasn’t The Only One OBAMA Was Tapping! He Could Face PRISON For This!,"Holy guacamole! Donald Trump and his campaign staff were not the only people Barack Obama’s National Security Agency were listening in on. In fact, they were listening to thousands of celebrities and politicians, athletes and business people, and they were listening to someone you know very very well. YOURSELF! They were listening to YOU! (VIDEO BELOW)",Fake
94,173,"Melania Trump Files for Divorce, “I Didn’t Sign Up For This”","The world is in shock over the weekend after sources close to Donald and Melania Trump confirm that Melania filed for divorce over the weekend. The Slovenia born model has voiced concerns over her role as the First Lady of the United States, claiming that she “Didn’t sign up for this.” Sources close to the couple say Melania is not prepared to be ridiculed for the next four years over her immigration status, accent and her husbands infidelities. “She’s been very upset ever since Donald announced he was running for president last year,” said a woman close to the family. “She wanted a role as a kept woman, not as a woman in charge of being a role model in this country. She is also not prepared to leave her luxurious lifestyle to live in a home as old as the White House. She thinks that the decor is despicable and beyond repair.” This comes on the heels of Donald Trump’s announcement that he only wants to live in the White House part-time, in a desperate attempt to save his marriage. However, even a part-time residence in the “worn down White House” is still not acceptable for the soon to be First Lady. “She is not used to living in these types of accommodations,” said the source. “She’d be better off just to divorce him, get her child support and alimony, and go on with her life.”",Fake
95,433,Australia Becomes World’s Most Microchipped Nation,"(YNW)   Australia Becomes World’s Most Microchipped Nation: Australia has become the first widely microchipped nation, with Australians readily parting with $150 of their own money to pay for “fashionable” microchips under their skin – without stopping to think of the consequences. Mainstream media in the US has been waging a propaganda campaign trying to normalize the idea of microchips for humans, airing reports claiming that children will be microchipped “sooner rather than later” and that Americans will accept this because it will make their children “safer.“ But while Americans remain wary about the idea of microchips for humans, the campaign to normalize microchips has been so successful in Australia that people with RFID microchips permanently embedded in their bodies now consider them as “another organ of the body” and boast that they can use them as “loyalty cards in stores” and “receive discounts.” The only catch is that these slaves of fashion don’t know exactly what has been put into their body. They also can’t be sure who has access to their personal data. If history repeats, human microchips will go from being technology adopted for its “convenience and safety” and then overnight will become mandatory for you and your family – or else. News.com.au reports: It may sound like sci-fi, but hundreds of Australians are turning themselves into “super-humans” who can unlock doors, turn on lights and log into computers with a wave of the hand. Shanti Korporaal, from Sydney, is at the center of the phenomenon after having two implants inserted under her skin. Now she can get in to work and her car without carrying a card or keys and says her ultimate goal is to completely do away with her wallet and cards. “You set up your life so you never have to worry about any password or PINs”, she said.“It’s the same technology as Paypass, so I’m hoping you’ll be able to pay for things with it.” The microchips, which are the size of a grain of rice, can act like a business card and transfer contact details to smartphones, and hold complex medical data. Advocates claim that in the future microchips will even release medication into your body. Shanti has had some messages from conservative Christians on Facebook telling her she’s going to hell, but the reaction has mainly been one of intrigue. “My nana wants one,” laughs Shanti. “I’ve had more opposition to my tattoos than I’ve ever had to the chip. My friends are jealous.” When the 27-year-old realized just how coveted the implants were, she set up a distribution service called Chip My Life with her husband, Skeeve Stevens. It costs between $80 and $140 depending on the sophistication of the technology, and (while you can do it at home) they work with doctors who charge $150 to insert the implant. “They do minor surgery, Botox and so on,” says Shanti. “They give you a local, an injection and a quick ultrasound to make sure it’s in place.” The biohacking couple both have RFID (radio-frequency identification) chips in their left hands and NFC (near-field communication) chips in the right. The implant is almost impossible to spot, leaving a mark as small as a freckle. Shanti is appearing at today’s Sydney launch of cyborg-themed video game Deus Ex Mankind Divided alongside US implantable technology pioneer Amal Graafstra. Amal considers himself a guinea-pig for human augmentation, making headlines in the US last week with a prototype of the world’s first implant-activated smart gun. He became one of the world’s first RFID implantees in 2005, and has since founded an online store to sell the “at home” kits to people who want to “upgrade their body”. He’s written a book, spoken at TEDx and appeared in documentaries. “On a psychological level, this is completely different to a smartphone or a Fitbit, because it goes in you,” he said. “Your kidneys are working hard but you’re not thinking about them, it’s not something you have to manage. “It’s given me the ability to communicate with machines. It’s literally integrated into who I am.” He is aware of the ethical and security concerns but points this is simply a case of “computing in the body.” Rather than worry about people being forced to be microchipped, he’s now busy advocating for the rights of citizens who use them. He believes the destruction of the chip could in some cases classify as assault (as with a pacemaker) and other dangers might be governments forcibly extracting implants or data from them. “I want to make sure it’s treated as part of the body, like an organ,” he says. One firm in Sweden has allowed employees to choose chips over a work pass, with 400 taking up the offer, but Amal says he more often hears from interested individuals who want to try it out. “At the moment, it’s mainly access — house, computer motorcycle. But in the future, there’s the potential to use it for transit, payment. You could get rid of your keys and maybe your wallet.” Other uses might include children tapping to let parents know they are at school safely, refugees checking in at camps or women at shelters. It can share diet, exercise and sleep information with you and your doctor, and the next generation could even release medicine as and when you need it. For Shanti, adding an extra dimension to life is a childhood fantasy come true. “Ever since watching movies like the Terminator, Matrix and Minority Report I wondered if we could actually live like that. I always wondered why we all weren’t living as ‘super-humans’.”",Fake
96,370,BREAKING: Crowd Gathered Outside Hospital Cheers As Hillary Takes Her Last Breath,"Hillary Clinton’s third heart attack this afternoon left her with no hope for survival. Shortly after Chelsea showed up to say goodbye and Bill was spotted on his front porch with a Bloody Mary, the crowd was informed that Clinton had taken her last breath and began cheering.",Fake
97,94,Obama HAVE A Mistress! And She Is PREGNANT! (Picture),The character of previous president Barack Obama’s pregnant fancy woman has been uncovered.,Fake
98,235,Married Christians Divorcing In Protest Of Gay Marriage,"Christian couples, some who have been married for over 20 years, are getting divorced in droves after the Supreme Court’s decision to all gays to be married. This is said to be in protest to a government that does not respect their religious rights, and a minority that has encroached on one of their time honored traditions.",Fake
99,546,BREAKING: Body Pulled From Clinton Guest House Fire Identified,"The body pulled from the complete devastation of the Clinton Estate guest house in Chappaqua, New York has been identified as 26-year-old Melinda Hagliarty of Ossippee, a town just down the road. How she got into the Clintons’ guest home and why she ended up dead are still unknown.",Fake
100,204,Just In : President Trump Makes Major White House Change That Has Even Libs Speechless,"President Trump promised fiscal responsibility within government, using tax-payer monies wisely.",Fake
101,142,BREAKING: Hillary Clinton Has Third Heart Attack-Docs Says She ‘Won’t Survive’,You probably read the news earlier. It’s gotten worse for her and better for America.,Fake
102,143,PRO-LIFERS DECLARE “EJACULATION IS MURDER: EVERY SPERM CELL IS A LIFE”,"The pro-life movement in the United States has long advocated their stance that human life begins at conception and that the human fetus is a person and therefore has a right to live. However, a new argument has taken flight over the last month that is taking the abortion debate to the next level. The variety in opinion on the issue of abortion is reflected in the diverse views of religious groups, but now pro-lifers are declaring “ejaculation is murder” and they want strict laws against the practice.",Fake
103,95,BREAKING: Obama Brought In For Questioning Over Ties To Barcelona Terrorist,Traitor in Chief and supporter of Muslims Barack Obama was,Fake
104,548,"Barack Obama Tweets SICK Attack On John McCain, Says He Should Have Died","Barack Obama is a sick human being unfit for any political office past, present, or future. Just like ultra left-wing Bernie Sanders supporter Caitlin Johnstone, Obama (Barry Soetoro as he was known in college while he was doing sexual favors for old men to get cocaine money) attacked a recovering John McCain viciously Wednesday night then deleted the tweet like a coward.",Fake
105,43,CIA Documents Confirm Hitler Fled To Argentina After WW2,"Newly declassified CIA documents confirm that Adolf Hitler escaped Germany after World War II and took refuge in Argentina. The files confirm earlier FBI documents, which claim that the U.S. government knew the Nazi Fuehrer was alive and well, living in the Andes Mountains long after the war had ended. In 1955 the chief of the CIA’s Western Hemisphere Division (WHD) received a secret memo with the subject line “Operational: Adolf Hitler,” from the CIA station chief in Venezuela that contained proof Hitler was still alive in South America. Thefreethoughtproject.com reports: Interestingly, these revelations seem to confirm declassified FBI documents that also claimed sources had indicated that Hitler was indeed living in Argentina. While the official story sold to the global public is that Hitler died of suicide in the Fuhrerbunker, the actual truth may be vastly different from the popularized version of events. The acting CIA station chief’s informants, CIMELODY, was contacted by a former SS trooper Phillip Citroen, who claimed to have been in contact with Hitler—who was living under the pseudonym Adolph Schuttlemayer—about once a month in Colombia, while there on a trip from Maracaibo as an employee of the Royal Dutch Shipping Company. Citroen said that Hitler had left Colombia for Argentina around January 1955, and erroneously suggested that the statute of limitations for war crimes had passed—as it had been 10 years since the end of World War II—and that the Allies could no longer prosecute Hitler as a war criminal. The CIA documents reveal that Citroen told CIMELODY that he had even taken a photo with Hitler, and provided a grainy picture that was included in the CIA memo—with Hitler purported to be the man on the right. After reviewing the CIA’s files, the WHD chief reported that Citroen had only the year before reported that a colony of Nazis was present in Colombia that engaged in “idolatry of the Nazi past addressing him as ‘der Fuhrer’ and affording him the Nazi salute and storm trooper adulation,” in reference to Hitler himself. The station chief wrote the WHP chief again only days later to engage in further investigation of whether or not it really was Adolf Hitler. The HPD chief then incredibly made the decision to drop further inquiry, as he felt “enormous efforts could be expended on this matter with remote possibilities of establishing anything concrete.” A seemingly strange response considering the magnitude of the report and veracity of the sources credibility in that Citroen was a former Nazi himself. As The Free Thought Project previously reported: “South America did indeed play host to many fleeing Nazis—including sadistic doctor Josef Mengele, whose torturous experimentation of Nazi concentration camp prisoners eventually branched into the study of twins. Later, in a small town in Brazil, one in five pregnancies resulted in births of twins—something Argentine historian Jorge Camarasa claimed in 2009 evidenced Mengele’s handiwork following his escape from Germany.” Perhaps there is more to the story than a war weary public was led to believe in the wake of the devastation of WWII, and the truth lies somewhere other than what has became the official narrative of Hitler’s death in the Fuhrerbunker with his bride—with reality being much closer to an escape with may other Nazi war criminals to South America.",Fake
106,57,The U.S District Attorney Has Announced That He Will Be Pursuing Charges of TREASON Against The Former President Barack Obama,"Trump administration to charge Barack Obama with treason saying that “no one is above the law”. When Donald Trump was sworn in a US President, he signed an executive order, that reversed a previous order signed by Barack Obama just days before he left office that removed Dana Boente from his position behind the Attorney General as second in line.",Fake
107,172,"President Trump Passes Out In The Middle Of A Speech, Rushed To The Hospital","President Trump was giving a speech in New Plantitngton, New Jersey today when he suddenly looked dazed. After wandering around briefly, he just crumpled to the floor.",Fake
108,562,LIBERALS AT WORK: CALIFORNIA JUST LEGALIZED CHILD PROSTITUTION,"This is absolutely astounding. The liberal numbnuts who run the State of California just decriminalized child prostitution. There is no misinterpretation of what theyve done here. It is no longer illegal for anyone under the age of 18 to engage in prostitution or to solicit money for sex. Like I said, kids in California are now able to legally work as prostitutes.",Fake
109,219,"Burger King Admits To Using Horse Meat In Burgers, Whoppers",The brand burger king admitted that they have been used horse meat in order to made the burgers and whoppers.,Fake
110,394,CNN Admits They Spread Fake News – Forced To APOLOGIZE,"CNN has spent the last few months blatantly spreading fake news about Donald Trump in the hopes of taking him down. Despite this, CNN has always claimed to be unbiased and has denied spinning fake news against Trump in any way.",Fake
111,68,JUST IN: Barack Obama’s daughter murdered in drive-by shootout,"Breaking news that hit the United states in this Wednesday evening,Barack Obama’s daughter was murdered in a drive-by shootout near her school. Sasha Obama,the daughter of Barack Obama this evening was murdered by organised drive-by shootout.The shooting happened around 6PM,when Sasha was leaving her school class.She reportedly needed to be picked up by her security guards who waited her at the front door of the school.Then,a black Nissan passed by shooting through their window,shooting Sasha and one of the security guards.The police started a pursuit right away,because there was a police car nearly.The ambulance came right away telling by the witnesses,but they couldn’t save her.The attackers were caught by the police and they are currently in custody and we don’t have any informations about them.They can face a life sentence. Prayers to Barack and his family.Big loss for him and for the humanity.",Fake
112,424,New $20 Bill Featuring Robert E. Lee to Make Early Debut in Southern U.S.,"RICHMOND, Va. – An updated version of the twenty-dollar bill featuring the American Confederate general Robert E. Lee is scheduled to make its debut in a handful of southern states later this month, a spokesperson for the U.S. Department of Treasury announced on Tuesday. The new bill includes a portrait of the middle-aged Confederate general on its face while the reverse side features a scene depicting the Second Battle of Bull Run. “We are pleased to announce that the new twenty-dollar bill will make its debut on Monday, September 11th, in eleven states, including South Carolina, Mississippi, Florida, Virginia, Alabama, and Texas,” Treasury spokesperson Keith Davis announced during a press conference Tuesday morning. The decision to replace the existing twenty-dollar banknote, which entered circulation in 1996, comes as President Donald J. Trump continues to work diligently to reverse his predecessor’s policies. “We had Barack Obama, who – for eight years and without any prior authorization from Congress – decided he was going to put Harriet Tubman on the twenty-dollar bill,” White House counselor Kellyanne Conway told CNN’s Wolf Blitzer. “Well, Wolf, he can’t do that,” Conway argued, continuing, “President Trump cares very deeply about the American people and he has said, time and time again, if we’re going to do it, we’ll replace one great man with another.” Less than a week after Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin pointedly avoided voicing support for a $20 bill featuring Harriet Tubman, the Bureau of Engraving and Printing – the agency responsible for producing paper currency – released a statement saying “current color and shading capabilities limit our ability to adequately depict [Harriet Tubman] on most forms of U.S. currency.” The statement went on to say that increased shading would make the bill “too dark” and, therefore, more susceptible to counterfeiting. Treasury spokesperson Keith Davis said the redesigned twenty-dollar bill is scheduled for a nationwide release on January 19, 2018, and will coincide with the 211th anniversary of General Robert E. Lee’s birthday, as requested by the White House.",Fake
113,385,BUSTED! Hillary’s Million Dollar Scandal With Russia Definitively UNCOVERED!,"Hillary used her foundation to do business Russia, and this time Peter Schweizer has the details about Hillary’s “$145 million scandal”.",Fake
114,45,"Charlottesville Killer Was Hillary Supporter, Funded By Soros","The man accused of being a neo-Nazi and murdering a woman by deliberately driving into her during protests in Charlottesville is in reality a supporter of Hillary Clinton and member of Antifa in receipt of funding by George Soros, according to reports. James Fields, 20, of Maumee, Ohio, allegedly killed Heather Heyer, aged 32, and injured 19 others when he rammed his car into a group of protesters on Saturday in Charlottesville, Virginia. Mainstream media is claiming Fields is a neo-Nazi and has conveniently produced photographs showing Fields standing with Vanguard America and carrying a shield bearing the group’s insignia. But the mainstream media is actively suppressing information that proves Fields is actually a left-wing operative at the heart of a false flag designed to spark civil war, introduce martial law, and take away the rights of conservative groups to assemble peacefully. Police were ordered to stand down just before the incident, as confirmed by ACLU. “This invited the violence the city used to shut down a court-permitted protest,” said Robert Barnes, a high-profile constitutional lawyer. Immediately after the car was driven into the crowd and James Field was identified as the driver and arrested, his social media accounts were put on lockdown and scrubbed of political content. His affiliation to Clinton and the dangerous far-left is being actively suppressed. There is only one winner in Charlottesville. His name is George Soros and he funds Antifa. The UniteTheRight rally was planned months in advance, proper permits were sought and granted, and the peaceful protest was going to plan. Then, due to political pressure from the left, the city of Charlottesville rescinded the permit a few days before the rally. This was a clear violation of the 1st Amendment. So UniteTheRight went to federal court and won. A federal judge ordered that the rally must go on and the rally-goers Constitutional rights be protected. But the left wasn’t finished. The Democrat mayor and police department ordered the rally an “unlawful assembly,” and threatened to arrest everybody – once again, violating 1st and 9th amendment rights. Then things got bloody. George Soros’s Antifa stepped up to the plate, unleashing chaos and hate as per their job description. The mainstream media is spreading lies and deceit to further the false flag, and attempting to deflect from their transparent agenda by railing angrily against President Trump for failing to say exactly what they want him to say (despite the fact Obama did not disavow Black Lives Matter after they destroyed Ferguson and Baltimore). Real footage captured by citizen journalists on the ground in Charlottesville proves that the mainstream media are peddling lies about the incident from the comfort of their air-conditioned ivory towers. The car crash is a sloppy false flag, designed to mislead, deceive and take away our rights. The following video, around 2 minutes in, shows the crash in real time, and shows Fields’ car being rammed from behind. The Charlottesville violence is far-left agitation at it’s worst. It is the culmination of violent rhetoric spewing from the mouths of Hillary Clinton and Loretta Lynch. In cahoots with George Soros, the failed presidential candidate and her cronies are attempting to stage a false flag to take away the rights of conservatives to lawfully organize rallies and assemble peacefully. Chaos and hate the order of the day, as the lawless ones march us towards a police state and a New World Order. While the real terrorists are allowed to roam free, we will be the ones imprisoned.",Fake
115,97,Obama Had A Remote Hacking Base In Germany,"President Donald Trump promised Americans that he will solve every problem. Our country was stuck int he middle of nowhere, and Barack Obama didnt even move a finger to",Fake
116,92,SUPREME COURT RULING: No Islam In Public Schools. Do You Support This?,"Children in school are only learning about peaceful Islamists but watching current events completely contradicts this, doesn’t it? Educating the next generation is vital to learn from our mistakes not repeat them. Radical Islam is very real and it’s time that lesson it taught in school.",Fake
117,544,BUSTED: Russian Mansions Obama Seized Were Meant To Be Illegal Gifts to Sasha And Malia,"Well, well, well…it looks like Obummer wasn’t actually trying to punish Russia for anything after all (since there’s nothing to punish them FOR) — he was actually just trying to get a couple of free mansions for his brats while kissing up to his ignorant base of drooling libtards.",Fake
118,357,3 Liberal Celebrities Arrested For Conspiracy To Assassinate President Trump,"Liberals have been going nuts ever since their hero, the criminal Hillary Clinton, lost the election. They just can’t believe that Donald trump, a man who stole the hearts of a huge majority of Americans, won in such a landslide. Even though the people have spoken, liberals think they should get their way. Their heroes, a bunch of tree-hugging Hollywood celebrities, have been leading that charge whenever possible.",Fake
119,381,No more child support after 2017!!!!!!,Donald trump and congress members held a meeting to pass a law stating that in 2018 all fathers that's on child support will be taken off and women will no longer be able to put men on,Fake
120,78,Kim Jung Un Bows Down To President Trump,"Kim Jong Un is the 33-year-old leader of North Korea who is threatening any and all nonallied countries with nuclear weapons. First North Korea decided to threaten South Korea and America with an intercontinental ballistic missile, and then they did the same to Guam.",Fake
121,144,GEORGE ZIMMERMAN FOUND DEAD JUST HOURS AFTER BRAGGING ABOUT KILLING TRAYVON MARTIN,"At 12:21 AM EST George Zimmerman was found dead in the backyard of his Florida home. Police say he was stabbed multiple times and had a gunshot wound to the head. A neighbor of Zimmerman said she heard a commotion, looked over the wall and saw him lifeless on the ground. That’s when she called 911.",Fake
122,435,Putin Issues International Arrest Warrant For George Soros….. Dead or Alive,"(The Real Strategy) Putin Issues International Arrest Warrant For George Soros….. Dead or Alive Russia has officially declared that Billionaire George Soros is a wanted man in their country, citing him and his organizations as a “threat to Russian national security”. Putin banned Soros from Russia last year due to the fact that Soros helped to nearly destroy the Russian economy in the early 1990’s. Matt Taibbi of the Rolling Stone said of Goldman Sachs six years ago: “The first thing you need to know about Goldman Sachs is that it’s everywhere. The world’s most powerful investment bank is a great vampire squid wrapped around the face of humanity, relentlessly jamming its blood funnel into anything that smells like money. “In fact, the history of the recent financial crisis, which doubles as a history of the rapid decline and fall of the suddenly swindled dry American empire, reads like a Who’s Who of Goldman Sachs graduates.” Obviously Soros wants to be like Goldman Sachs. Phil Butler puts it well when he says: “George Soros has a finger in every political pie there is. If there is a crisis on our world, it’s a safe bet he’s had a hand in it.” One can say that Soros and Goldman Sachs are ideologically part of the same brotherhood. Their strategy is a little different, but the end result is the destruction of lives via the economic system (be it capitalism or socialism) and political manipulation. That’s why Soros seems to think that he is invincible. He thinks he can move the political and economic planet in a few blinks of an eye and no one can tell him to stop. In fact, he writes books such as The Alchemy of Finance. Soros thinks he can kill political stability throughout Europe and indeed in America with no challenge. Soros is certainly old, but he doesn’t want to be obsolete. His organization has recently been caught conducting covert operations designed to destabilize Russia. Here is an interesting quote from the leaked files of Soros’ Open Society Foundation: “Our inclination is to engage in activities and with actors that will understand and counter Russian support to movements defending traditional values…Naming and shaming from us is problematic: we are also in the business of channeling money into other countries for political purposes.”",Fake
123,193,Trump Was Right: CIA Director Clapper Just Leaked Something HUGE About Government Spying,"Today was the senate hearing for former Attorney General Sally Yates about Russian election interference. However, the REAL shock came when the senators were questioning retired CIA director James Clapper. Clapper served under Obama and has been accused of being the President’s go-to-guy for spying on Americans. The Senator asked Director Clapper, “Have you used unmasking on President Trump, any of his campaign staff or any US Senators?” …Clapper bowed his head in shame and said, “YES.” Wow! Just, wow… The really sad thing here is that the media will not even bother covering this. Sure, they will talk all day about a bunch of conspiracy theories linking Trump to Russia. When the head of the CIA admits publicly to doing something unconstitutional, however, nobody says a damn thing.Luckily there are people like you and me who actually wanna know the truth and help get it out there. That’s why it’s up to us to show President Donald Trump was 100% right about them “unmasking” politicians for their own gain. Help to share this out to all your family and friends. This is not just a political issue, this is an issue of national security. Here is the live stream of the hearing. It’s currently going on so i will try to add a more specific clip once it concludes.",Fake
124,543,Trump Warns Russia Over Jehovah’s Witnesses Ban And Urges Members To Seek Asylum In The US,President Donald Trump has sent a strong message to the Russia Federation over the country’s ban on the “peaceful activities” of Jehovah’s Witnesses.,Fake
125,225,THE PINEAL GLAND: ONE OF THE BIGGEST SECRETS KEPT FROM HUMANITY,A gift was given to humanity - the pineal gland or our third eye.,Fake
126,434,Dr. Gallo: “I Invented AIDS To Depopulate Humanity”,"Dr. Gallo: “I Invented AIDS To Depopulate Humanity”: Dr. Robert Gallo, the scientist credited with ‘discovering’ the HIV virus in 1984, has admitted that he created AIDS in order to reduce the world’s population.  In 1984, Gallo filed a U.S. patent application for his invention of the HIV/AIDS virus. Dailypost.co.za  reports: Normally, when a patent is filed and approved, as Dr. Gallo’s was, anyone who uses the product or invention owes a royalty payment to the artificer. Thus, holding the intellectual property laws to their fullest interpretations, one must solely marvel why Dr. Gallo has yet to file a proceedings seeking to recover damages from the usage of his invention? As odd as this state of affairs could sound, it bears need for extra scrutiny. The scientific evidence is complete and compelling, the AIDS Virus is a designer bi-product of the U.S. Special Virus program. The Special Virus program was a federal virus development program that persisted in the U.S from 1962 until 1978….. The U.S. Special Virus was then added as ‘compliment’ to vaccinum inoculations in Africa and Manhattan. Shortly thereafter the world was engulfed with mass infections of somebody’s animal virus that differed from any illustrious human sickness, it was highly contagious and additional significantly, A review of the Special Virus Flow Chart (“research logic”) reveals the United States was seeking a ‘virus particle’ that might negatively impact the defense mechanisms of the system. The program sought to modify the ordination of the virus particle during which to splice in associate degree animal “wasting disease” referred to as “Visna”. According to the Proceedings of the us of America, AIDS is an biological process, laboratory development of the peculiar Visna Virus, first detected in Icelandic sheep. Recently, American and world scientists ensure with 100 percent certainty the laboratory genesis of AIDS. This fact is more underscored once one reviews the ‘multiply-spliced’ nature of the HIV ‘tat’ sequence and Dr. Gallo’s 1971 Special Virus paper, “Reverse Transcriptase of Type-C virus Particles of Human Origin”.Dr. Gallo’s 1971 Special Virus paper is identical to his 1984 announcement of AIDS. Upon further review the record reveals that he filed his patent on AIDS, before he made the announcement with Secretary troubler. Earlier this year, Dr. Gallo conceded his role as a ‘Project Officer’ for the federal virus development program, the Special Virus. The Flow Chart of the program and the 15 progress reports are undeniable proof of the United States’ game to cull world populations via the unleashing of a stealing biological organism that may ‘waste’ humanity. In light of this true genesis of the world’s most divesting biological scourge, it is the u. s. that owes ‘royal’ payments to the innocent victims. Each associated each victim of AIDS is worthy of a proper apology and a way of economic closure for an invention of death and despair, perpetrated by the United States. The eyes of the world are upon the overall Accounting Office’s Health Care Team, under the direction of William J. Scanlon. Between 1964 and 1978, the secret federal virus program spent $550 million dollars of payer cash to create AIDS. It is now necessary to pay no matter it takes to dismantle associate invention that has junction rectifier to the best crime against humanity within the history of the globe.",Fake
127,79,"Bombshell Report: DNC Hack Was an Inside Job, Not the Russians","BOMBSHELL REPORT: DNC HACK WAS AN INSIDE JOB, NOT THE RUSSIANS",Fake
128,587,Over 1 Million Bananas Have Been INJECTED with the HIV virus! (Video Proof),"These days several media around the world released the news that, the World Health Organization alarmed to have found nearly 1 million bananas injected with HIV-AIDS.",Fake
129,192,It’s Over: 3 Richest Democrates Just Went On FOX Today And Give Trump Something Unfathomable,"This is a very special day from President Trump. This morning Bill Gates, Warren Buffet, and Charlie Munger went on FOX News and dropped the kind of bombshell the Left fears most. The 3 Richest Democrats just gave Trump full support of his job as President. The three mega-billionaires were asked to give their opinions on President Trump as well as “tips” for him. Warren Buffet said, “I would certainly say to him [Trump] the same thing I would say to any other president—that their most important job is to protect us from weapons of mass destruction and that they are the most important person in the world, to put the emphasis on that.” Charlie Munger then jumped in to add a very direct praise of the President, “I am a great admirer of the Trump change of mind about China and making an ally out of China instead of screaming about their trade.” Bill Gates decided to go a different route and offer the President his personal counsel. “Whether it’s research, making sure that pandemics don’t come to get us and helping other countries … I’d make sure he knew all about it.” It’s funny because Democrats LOVE pointing to these men as “geniuses” and using their quotes to back their point. Reality Check! Gates, Buffet, and Munger may not be on the Trump-Train just yet, but at least they are willing to praise the job he has done as President so far.",Fake
130,384,Marijuana now legal in state of Texas,"In a 10- 2 vote marijuana has now been legalized in the state of Texas. Texas first marijuana dispensaries said to open up in Corpus Christi, TX April 12, 2017. We were out speaking with",Fake
131,541,BREAKING: Harvard Suspends Malia Obama Until After The Trial,"In light of Malia Obama’s recent drug escapades, Harvard has decided that her “gap year” should last a bit longer than expected. While she is still enrolled as a student Dean Amal Smith says that he feels her presence at the school will be too much of a “distraction” and has suspended her until the trial is over.",Fake
132,582,NFL SURRENDERS,The National Football League may need to change its logo from a shield to a white flag.,Fake
133,141,HOSPITAL INSIDER REVEALS “THE GOVERNMENT HAS BEEN MICROCHIPPING BABIES SINCE 1983”,There has been a lot of controversy surrounding the RFID (Radio Frequency Identification) device that is said to be “upcoming technology” that we will see in our near future.,Fake
134,540,BREAKING: Nancy Pelosi Kills Herself In Hospital Bed,"Recently, it was reported that Nancy Pelosi was in critical condition after a horrific drunk driving car crash. Pelosi was driving home from a town hall on Sunday when she crashed head-on into a minivan carrying two children and their parents who were coming home from church.",Fake
135,86,BREAKING: ANTIFA Burned Churches In 9 States To The Ground Overnight,"ANTIFA, the group of domestic terrorists who think they’re going to “save America” from Donald Trump with violence, has stepped up their game by laying waste to 14 houses of worship in nine states overnight, almost simultaneously.",Fake
136,233,Pope Francis At White House: “Koran And Holy Bible Are The Same”,"This photograph was produced by Agência Brasil, a public Brazilian news agency. Their website states: ""Todo o conteúdo deste site está publicado sob a Licença Creative Commons Atribuição 3.0 Brasil exceto quando especificado em contrário e nos conteúdos replicados de outras fontes."" (English translation: All content on this website is published under the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Brazil License unless specified otherwise and content replicated from other sources.)",Fake
137,50,Harvey Flooding Uncovers Secret Stash Of Ammo Hidden By Obama Administration,"A cache of weapons long suspected to be hidden in Texas during Operation Jade Helm 15 was uncovered by the flood waters of Hurricane Harvey. The stockpile, hidden in a small town outside of Lexmar, matches numbers in the inventory reported missing during Obama’s tenure.",Fake
138,40,Obama Stole The Presidency—New Report Shows Millions Of Illegals Flipped The 2008 Election,"Democrats should be careful, because the shaky foundation beneath their feet is falling apart. The Left has spent years painting conservatives as paranoid conspiracy theorists who complain about voter fraud instead of focusing on the real issues. That is why, according to the Left, conservatives lose elections. But what happens when the truth comes out, and conservatives were right the whole time? Does the Left then start to get paranoid? We should know the answers to these questions at some point in the near future, because the truth is indeed starting to come out. As reported by The Washington Times: A research group in New Jersey has taken a fresh look at postelection polling data and concluded that the number of noncitizens voting illegally in U.S. elections is likely far greater than previous estimates. As many as 5.7 million noncitizens may have voted in the 2008 election, which put Barack Obama in the White House. The research organization Just Facts, a widely cited, independent think tank led by self-described conservatives and libertarians, revealed its number-crunching in a report on national immigration. Just Facts President James D. Agresti and his team looked at data from an extensive Harvard/YouGov study that every two years questions a sample size of tens of thousands of voters. Some acknowledge they are noncitizens and are thus ineligible to vote. There you have it: conservatives were right about voter fraud. When President Trump stated that he would have won the popular vote in addition to the Electoral College had no illegals voted in the 2016 election, liberals openly mocked him. As stated before, anyone who agreed with Trump was a loony conspiracy theorist. It did not take much to realize, however, that liberals had no actual response to these claims. They refuted the President’s argument only by calling him a “sore loser.” They did not, on the other hand, actually prove him wrong. As it turns out, liberals did not prove Trump wrong because he simply was not wrong in the first place. A fresh batch of studies confirm that millions of illegals may have voted for Hillary Clinton as well. What do you think, America? Should liberals be held accountable now that Americans have the proof? Is this a matter for the Justice Department, or should Democrats just pay for it at the polls? Let us know your thoughts below!",Fake
139,44,Planned Parenthood Founder Planned To ‘Exterminate Black Race’,"Margaret Sanger, the founder of Planned Parenthood, the largest abortion provider in the world, is held up as a hero by liberals who claim she liberated women and ethnic minorities from lives of servitude. But the truth about Margaret Sanger and Planned Parenthood is a lot darker than liberals and ethnic minority leaders would have you believe. Sanger, hero of the contemporary left, was a self-described eugenist wanted to exterminate the black race, eradicate people with disabilities. Sanger admitted her entire life’s purpose was to promote birth control, but it was actually minorities she wanted to control – not the white race she belonged to. Her goal was to create a nation of “thoroughbreds” – and that meant tricking ethnic minorities into killing their unborn. On blacks, immigrants and indigents: “...human weeds,’ ‘reckless breeders,’ ‘spawning… human beings who never should have been born.”  Margaret Sanger wrote in her book Pivot of Civilization, referring to immigrants and poor people. On sterilization & racial purification: Sanger believed that, for the purpose of racial “purification,” couples should be rewarded who chose sterilization. (From Birth Control in America, The Career of Margaret Sanger, by David Kennedy, p. 117, quoting a 1923 Sanger speech.) Of course modern-day liberals are blissfully unaware that they have canonized a racist eugenicist, whose ideology was so extreme that Hitler claimed to take inspiration from her far-left pseudo-science. Liberal cognitive dissonance and censorship does not allow for anything based in fact for use in their echo chambers. Next time you hear a liberal speaking from their favorite position – the moral high ground – and praising Planned Parenthood, you might want to remind them of the organization’s evil roots. Sanger espoused the thinking of eugenicists – similar to Darwin’s “survival of the fittest” – but related the concept to human society, saying the genetic makeup of the poor, and minorities, for example, was inferior. On the extermination of blacks: “We do not want word to go out that we want to exterminate the Negro population,” she said, “if it ever occurs to any of their more rebellious members.” Woman’s Body, Woman’s Right: A Social History of Birth Control in America, by Linda Gordon On respecting the rights of the mentally ill: In her “Plan for Peace,” Sanger outlined her strategy for eradication of those she deemed “feebleminded.” Among the steps included in her evil scheme were immigration restrictions; compulsory sterilization; segregation to a lifetime of farm work; etc. Birth Control Review, April 1932, p. 107 On adultery: A woman’s physical satisfaction was more important than any marriage vow, Sanger believed. Birth Control in America, p. 11 On marital sex: “The marriage bed is the most degenerating influence in the social order,” Sanger said. (p. 23) [Quite the opposite of God’s view on the matter: “Marriage is honorable in all, and the bed undefiled; but whoremongers and adulterers God will judge.” (Hebrews 13:4) On abortion: “Criminal’ abortions arise from a perverted sex relationship under the stress of economic necessity, and their greatest frequency is among married women.” The Woman Rebel – No Gods, No Masters, May 1914, Vol. 1, No. 3. “The most merciful thing that a large family does to one of its infant members is to kill it.” Margaret Sanger, Women and the New Race (Eugenics Publ. Co., 1920, 1923)",Fake
140,55,"Executive Order Leads To Capture Of ISIS Leader, Rasheed Muhammad","Terror suspect, Rasheed Muhammad, was arrested on Tuesday, January 31, at approximately 1:32AM EST at John F. Kennedy International Airport. This marks the first successful story following President Trump’s executive order to protect the nation from foreign terrorist entry into the United States. Muhammad, 32, was questioned due to the heightened security measures that resulted from the presidential executive order. The suspect attempted to enter the country with a tourist visa and claimed to be visiting family in order to attend this year’s Super Bowl LI.",Fake
141,391,Do You Support Trump In Canceling Funding For Obama’s Free House And Library ?,"Donald Trump continues to buck the establishment’s system by doing things the way he wants them done. After learning that President Obama ordered the Department of Education’s library division to divert more than $8 million in funds to a fund to build the next Presidential Library, Trump wrote the order rescinding it and putting the money into improving the education of privately held charter schools instead.",Fake
142,96,"Nancy Pelosi Met With Russian Ambassador, Discussed Plans To FRAME Donald Trump","If you’re a liberal, you believe that Donald Trump conspired with Russia to win the election. Never mind that not a single vote was changed and that he has been tough on Russia from day one, but the Left wants you to believe that he and members of his administration worked with Vladimir Putin to “steal” the election from historically unpopular criminal Hillary Clinton.",Fake
143,54,FBI: Rumors About Clinton Pedophile Ring Are True,Multiple sources within the FBI and NYPD have confirmed Hillary Clinton’s involvement in a massive pedophile ring in Washington DC.,Fake
144,395,MEXICAN PRESIDENT: “WE AGREE TO PAY FOR THE WALL IF THE DEAL INCLUDES RETURNING TEXAS TO MEXICO”,"U.S. President Donald Trump said he had a friendly phone call with Mexico’s president on Friday but asserted he will renegotiate trade deals and other aspects of the countries’ ties because Mexico has “beat us to a pulp” in the past. Mexico’s peso extended gains on news of the call. The two men spoke for about an hour on Friday, a day after President Enrique Pena Nieto scrapped a planned meeting in Washington next week over Trump’s insistence that Mexico pay for a multibillion-dollar border wall. “It was a very, very friendly call,” Trump told a joint news conference with visiting British Prime Minister Theresa May.",Fake
145,140,TRUMP ASSIST RESCUERS IN PULLING HARVEY VICTIMS FROM FLOODWATERS,"In the days following Hurricane Harvey a photo was taken of a heroic President Donald Trump leaning over the side of a raft, reaching out to a stranded flood victim.",Fake
146,343,"Black-and-White Evidence That Proves US Government Engaged in Forced Sterilizations, Mind Control, Weather Modification, False Flag Operations and Igniting Wars (Videos)","(N.Morgan) When vital government documents are declassified or leaked, the evidence held within those pages are useful tools in getting to the truth of what is really going on in the world.",Fake
147,430,Edward Snowden: Osama Bin Laden is Still Alive Living in the Bahamas,"Edward Snowden: Osama Bin Laden is Still Alive Living in the Bahamas: Edward Snowden (the NSA whistleblower) has made another astonishing revelation. He apparently has documents that prove Osama Bin Laden is on the CIA’s payroll and currently living a luxury lifestyle in the Bahamas. In 2013, Edward Snowden, a former contractor for the National Security Agency (NSA), released various documents regarding government surveillance programs. This resulted in him being charged for committing several crimes. All of the charges carry a sentence of up to 10 years in prison. Due to this and the fact he believed it was the correct decision to reveal the shocking extent of phone surveillance by U.S. intelligence agency, he had no choice but to flee. He currently resides in Russia, this is where he has be offered asylum for one year. Snowden has yet again provided a shocking piece of information. The Moscow Tribune reports that Snowden claims that Osama Bin Laden the infamous former leader of Al Qaeda, is in fact still alive and is in receipt of cash courtesy of the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA). “I have documents showing that Bin Laden is still on the CIA’s payroll,”  Snowden claims. “He is still receiving more than $100,000 a month, which are being transferred through some front businesses and organizations, directly to his Nassau bank account. I am not certain where he is now, but in 2013, he was living quietly in his villa with five of his wives and many children.” Snowden claims the CIA faked the death of Osama Bin Laden. After reporting him dead, the man himself and his family were moved to a secret location in the Bahamas. “Osama Bin Laden was one of the CIA’s most efficient operatives for a long time,” Snowden claims. “What kind of message would it send their other operatives if they were to let the SEALs kill him? They organized his fake death with the collaboration of the Pakistani Secret services, and he simply abandoned his cover. Since everyone believes he is dead, nobody’s looking for him, so it was pretty easy to disappear. Without the beard and the military jacket, nobody recognizes him.” NaijaPicks say that these documents that prove this controversial claim are featured in his 2015 book. Despite the fact Snowden says he was trying to help the citizens of America by releasing these documents, he is still classed as a fugitive in the USA. This is also despite approximately 168,000 people signing a petition calling for Snowden to be pardoned. This was rejected by the White House rejected on July 28, 2015. Whilst resident in Hong Kong, Snowden was interviewed by several journalists inside a secret location. He was asked why he left his own country, his reply to The Guardian was: “I don’t want to live in a society that does these sort of things… I do not want to live in a world where everything I do and say is recorded.”",Fake
148,93,BREAKING: Amy Schumer Goes From Red Carpet To Jail After Threatening Trump On Live TV,Amy Schumer’s seats at the Oscars went empty after she was dumb enough to threaten the life of President Trump live from the red carpet on E! TV.,Fake
149,41,Ben Carson Digs Up Obama’s Filthiest Skeleton – $500 Billion Fraud Uncovered/,"During the later years of the disastrous Obama era, the president pushed all sorts of radical policies through various agencies. By allowing his comrades throughout the government to drastically change rules and laws on their own, Congress was successfully circumvented. It’s bad enough when our moronic politicians shove crap down our throats but it’s even worse when unelected bureaucrats do it in secret. That’s just the epitome of corruption. One of the agencies most guilty of secret abuses is Housing and Urban Development. HUD has a scary amount of power in shaping our nation’s communities and not only that, ample opportunity exists for it to waste taxpayer money. And they didn’t just waste your money under President Obama; they threw giant wads of it down the toilet. As reported at Yes I’m Right, as the new head of HUD, Dr. Ben Carson called for an immediate audit to uncover any wastefulness and abuse. Why? Because this guy actually does his job. To no one’s surprise – but to everyone’s horror – the Inspector General in charge of the review found half a trillion dollars in unaccounted funds. Apparently, HUD’S books are so horribly managed that a full audit couldn’t even be completed during an initial inquiry. It’s so bad that this is looking less like incompetence and more like outright corruption and kickbacks. Here’s what the report said: “When the IG remained unable to issue an opinion for fiscal years 2015 or 2016, he gave Obama staffers a three-month extension. Thus, their reprieve allowed them to fix $3.4 billion in 2015 errors and $516.4 billion in 2016 errors. After HUD’s re-submission of paperwork, 11 material weaknesses, seven significant deficiencies, and five instances of failure to comply with laws and regulations remain unresolved. The continued problems ‘were due to an inability to establish a compliant control environment, implement adequate financial accounting systems, retain key financial staff, and identify appropriate accounting principles and policies.’” Obama’s HUD lackey, Brian Sullivan, dared to say otherwise on the matter, when in December of 2016 he claimed: “HUD does apply generally accepted accounting standards,” despite the fact the IG report concluded otherwise. That, and there’s the half a trillion dollars in errors, which would lend credence to the IG’s conclusions. When Trump first tapped Carson for the HUD position, the typical circus of leftist clowns came out and bashed the choice, with Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-NY) being one of the most critical.",Fake
150,380,UPDATE: Susan Rice’s Housekeeper Found Dead In A Lake After FBI Interview,"Susan Rice is going to prison. At this point, it’s not speculation. It’s not conjecture. It’s a certainty. The only variable is “when” – especially after her housekeeper was found dead.",Fake
151,227,McCain Caught Red Handed Making Plans To Take Trump Out,"Last week, Arizona Senator John McCain turned his back on the Republican Party by shooting down the Obamacare repeal bill. Now, he’s been busted attempting to make plans to “take out” President Trump.",Fake
152,545,The DEA Just Raided A United States Senator-Dems In A Panic,"The DEA just raided the vacation ranch of Democrat Senator Hal Lindsay (D-NJ), seizing more than 400 marijuana plants, 2 greenhouses full of opium-producing poppies and a small lab that was pumping out massive amounts of refined, finished product. The ranch, just a few hundred miles north of anything in Wyoming, was also seized along with a fleet of automobiles, recreational vehicles and other property now considered the spoils of the drug trade.",Fake
153,386,BREAKING: The Blankets Barack Obama Sent Hurricane Victims Are Infested With Bedbugs,"On Saturday, it was announced that former “President” (can we call him that if he actually didn’t do anything?) Obama sent blankets for Hurricane Harvey victims.",Fake
154,230,Incriminating Seizure Hit DNC: FBI Found Chairwoman’s Destroyed Hard Drives… That’s Not The Worst,"According to the Daily Caller, FBI agents reportedly took “smashed” computer hard drives from the home of former Democratic National Committee chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz’s IT guy.",Fake
155,294,NPR: 25 Million Votes For Clinton ‘Completely Fake’ – She Lost Popular Vote,NPR admit Hillary Clinton 'lost the popular vote' as 25 million fake votes are discovered,Fake
156,121,Donald Trump Introduces New Muslim/Refugee Badges; ‘Nazi-Like’ Plan Requires All Muslims & Refugees To Wear Badges Like The Jews Did During The Holocaust,"Washington, DC — During an interview today with Fox News, Donald Trump unveiled plans making it mandatory for all Muslim people and refugees entering this country, along with those currently residing in the U.S., to wear badges on their outer garments at all times. The 2016 presidential candidate says these badges are necessary so refugees and Muslims can easily be identified and monitored.",Fake
157,452,"Virginia GOP Rep Turns Traitor, Newest Resolution Helps Muslims As Christians Excluded","Posted by Danny Abarno | Sep 22, 2017 | National Security",Fake
158,26,Obama Signs Executive Order Banning The Pledge of Allegiance In Schools Nationwide,"Well, President Obama may have just officially taking things too far. According to a recent report, he just signed Executive Order 13738, revoking the federal governments official recognition of the Pledge of Allegiance.The report claims that the new order, it is illegal for any federally funded agency to display the pledge or for any federal employee to recite it.The pledge excludes so many Americans who are vital to making this country what it is, Obama said, telling reporters that the inclusion of Under God is particularly troublesome.Hillary Clinton is also reportedly in support of the measure, stating that when she takes office she will do her best to uphold this new law and ensure that it stays in effect. The Pledge Allegiance has been a source of conflict for some time now, with many liberals pushing for schools to stop forcing children to participate in its recitation. Conservatives have long defended the allegiance, which teaches honor, respect for our country, and unity. What do you think of this new order? If this is true, has Obama pushed things way too far?",Fake
159,52,BREAKING: Obama PERSONALLY Called Harvard And Ordered Them To Reverse Malia’s Suspension,"If you haven’t heard, Malia Obama was recently arrested in Chicago after purchasing a whopping six pounds of marijuana (a seller’s quantity according to police) from a drug lord her father had released from prison in 2015.",Fake
160,451,JUST IN: Paper Trail Left As Seth Rich Murder Mystery Unveils New Twist,"Posted by Sam Di Gangi | Sep 22, 2017 | Liberal Corruption",Fake
161,47,MIT Researchers: Global Warming Data Is ‘Complete Bunk’,"A new peer reviewed report on global warming concludes that key data relied upon to give us temperature measurements around the world is ‘complete bunk.’ According to scientists at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (M.I.T.) and the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), key metrics such as the Global Average Surface Temperature (GAST), the NOAA, and HADLEY confirms what Trump has been saying for years – that man-made global warming does not exist. SHFTPlan reports: In this research report, the most important surface data adjustment issues are identified and past changes in the previously reported historical data are quantified. It was found that each new version of GAST has nearly always exhibited a steeper warming linear trend over its entire history. And, it was nearly always accomplished by systematically removing the previously existing cyclical temperature pattern. This was true for all three entities providing GAST data measurement, NOAA, NASA and Hadley CRU. As a result, this research sought to validate the current estimates of GAST using the best available relevant data. This included the best documented and understood data sets from the U.S. and elsewhere as well as global data from satellites that provide far more extensive global coverage and are not contaminated by bad siting and urbanization impacts. Satellite data integrity also benefits from having cross checks with Balloon data. The conclusive findings of this research are that the three GAST data sets are not a valid representation of reality. In fact, the magnitude of their historical data adjustments, that removed their cyclical temperature patterns, are totally inconsistent with published and credible U.S. and other temperature data. Thus, it is impossible to conclude from the three published GAST data sets that recent years have been the warmest ever –despite current claims of record setting warming. Finally, since GAST data set validity is a necessary condition for EPA’s GHG/CO2 Endangerment Finding, it too is invalidated by these research findings. (Full Abstract Report) Thegatewaypundit.com reports: Fulfilling a key campaign promise, President Trump shocked the world by pulling out of the Paris agreement. Axios’ Johnathan Swan was the first to report the President would pull out of the agreement. On May 31st, Axios reported: President Trump has made his decision to withdraw from the Paris climate accord, according to two sources with direct knowledge of the decision. Details on how the withdrawal will be executed are being worked out by a small team including EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt. They’re deciding on whether to initiate a full, formal withdrawal — which could take 3 years — or exit the underlying United Nations climate change treaty, which would be faster but more extreme. Why this matters: Pulling out of Paris is the biggest thing Trump could do to unravel Obama’s climate legacy. It sends a combative signal to the rest of the world that America doesn’t prioritize climate change and threatens to unravel the ambition of the entire deal. The other outliers: The only other two countries that aren’t supporting the deal are Nicaragua and Syria. How it happened: A letter from 22 Republican Senators (including Mitch McConnell) that called for a clean exit had reinforced Trump’s instincts to withdraw, and the president had been telling confidants over the past week that he was going to pull out. It’s no surprise that members of the liberal establishment shifted into meltdown mode following the decision, with Hollywood director Michael Moore and former President Obama being the most vocal. As per The Hill: Liberal filmmaker Michael Moore blasted President Trump’s decision Thursday to withdraw the U.S. from the Paris climate agreement, calling it “a crime against humanity.” “This admitted predator has now expanded his predatory acts to the entire planet,” Moore tweeted. “USA to Earth: F— YOU,” the filmmaker added in other tweets. “America First! Earth Last! My name is Michael Moore. I am an American. And I live in a Rogue State.” Obama’s statement was as follows: A year and a half ago, the world came together in Paris around the first-ever global agreement to set the world on a low-carbon course and protect the world we leave to our children. It was steady, principled American leadership on the world stage that made that achievement possible.  It was bold American ambition that encouraged dozens of other nations to set their sights higher as well. And what made that leadership and ambition possible was America’s private innovation and public investment in growing industries like wind and solar – industries that created some of the fastest new streams of good-paying jobs in recent years, and contributed to the longest streak of job creation in our history. Simply put, the private sector already chose a low-carbon future.  And for the nations that committed themselves to that future, the Paris Agreement opened the floodgates for businesses, scientists, and engineers to unleash high-tech, low-carbon investment and innovation on an unprecedented scale. The nations that remain in the Paris Agreement will be the nations that reap the benefits in jobs and industries created.  I believe the United States of America should be at the front of the pack.  But even in the absence of American leadership; even as this Administration joins a small handful of nations that reject the future; I’m confident that our states, cities, and businesses will step up and do even more to lead the way, and help protect for future generations the one planet we’ve got. But of course, like all Champagne Socialists, their credo is “do as I say, not as I do,” with Obama jacking up his carbon footprint when abroad. Who could forget Obama’s massive convoy during a recent speaking gig in Milan? The Independent Journal Review reported: Former President Barack Obama traveled to Italy this week to make a speech on climate change at the “Seed & Chips: The Global Food Innovation Summit” in the city of Milan. It seems like Obama has taken a page out of Leonardo DiCaprio’s book of “do as I say, not as I do” and took a private jet to Milan. Not only that, he had a 14 car convoy to get into the city, which also included protection from above with a helicopter. It doesn’t end there. According to The Daily Mail, 300 police officers were used to protect the former president. The fleet of 14 included multiple SUVs, police cars, and sedans — not to mention a few motorcycles. Here’s another look at the convoy: While in Milan, Obama also met with former Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi, who was a close partner during their respective times in office.",Fake
162,269,Donald Trump Signs Executive Order Allowing The Hunting Of Bald Eagles,"WASHINGTON, D.C. (AP) — Today President Donald Trump made what could very well prove to be the most controversial move of his presidency by signing Executive Order 14841, which allows the hunting of bald eagles.",Fake
163,453,Hillary’s Campaign Appears As If They’re Backing Out Of The Debate,"Posted by Martin Walsh | Sep 21, 2016 | Liberal Corruption, States’ Rights",Fake
164,344,Houston Residents Being Sprayed with Deadly Neurotoxins,Houston Residents Being Sprayed with Deadly Neurotoxins,Fake
165,22,"""Covefe"" Mystery Solved","President Donald Trump is being criticized on a daily basis. Some people just cant get over the fact that he beat Hillary Clinton. It seems like these people are forgetting that Clinton never had a chance to get any near the Oval Office. Now liberals have been too vocal about their criticism for the President, and its all about the covfefe word that appeared in one of the latest tweets. Liberals will always have a reason to bash President Trump. First, they hated his campaign, then, they laid their hands on the Presidents family. We know that President Trump will always be our favorite, and hopefully, liberals will understand that they cant do anything to change this.Although President Trump faced harsh criticism, he still stands strong against his enemies. He promised to make America great again, and we can already see the results of his job.President Trump came back from his first official tour overseas. This trip was an absolute success, and the President did an amazing job. World leaders appreciated his presence, and they all honored the President. He enjoyed great respect, and came back with a few important deals. But, President Trump came back with something else. Its the covfefe mystery. For those who dont know it, covfefe means I will stand up. Liberals thought that President Trump was dream texting, but they are too ignorant to understand the meaning of his tweet. Despite the constant negative press covfefe, President Trump tweeted. He was just trying to say that hed stand strong for the upcoming events, promising that he will manage to protect the country from everything and everyone. Learn this, liberals.",Fake
166,334,Court Claims Nothing Wrong with Rigging Primaries—Dismisses Lawsuit Against DNC,http://www.dcclothesline.com/2017/08/29/court-claims-nothing-wrong-with-rigging-primaries-dismisses-lawsuit-against-dnc/,Fake
167,478,Trey Gowdy Orders A Judge To Re-open An Old Case,One United States Congressman asked for a body to be dug out with the purpose to complete the investigation by the House Intelligence Committee. Something like this has never happened in our history.,Fake
168,379,California Introduces Law To Jail Anyone Who Questions Man-Made Climate Change: First Amendment Now Dead,A landmark bill allowing for the prosecution of climate change dissent effectively died Thursday after the California Senate failed to take it up before the deadline.,Fake
169,46,FBI Confirms Seth Rich Is The DNC Leaker,"Pulitzer-prize winning reporter Seymour Hersh has revealed that the FBI have evidence that Seth Rich leaked the DNC emails to WikiLeaks. Hersh said in a recent phone interview that the FBIs cyber unit found conclusive evidence on Seth Rich’s computer that he had leaked DNC emails to WikiLeaks shorty before his untimely death: [The DC police took Seth Rich’s computer, but couldn’t get past his password.] So they call the FBI cyber unit. The Feds get through [the password-protection on Rich’s computer], and this is what they find. This is according to the FBI report. What the report says is that – some time in late spring or early summer – he [Rich] makes contact with WikiLeaks. That’s in his computer. They [the FBI] found what he [Rich] had done was he had submitted a series of documents – of emails, of juicy emails – from the DNC. By the way, all this shit about the DNC, where the hack, it wasn’t hacked … He [Rich] offered a sample, an extensive sample, I’m sure dozens of emails, and said I want money. [Remember, WikiLeaks often pays whistleblowers.] Later, WikiLeaks did get the password. He [Rich] had a dropbox, a protected dropbox, which isn’t hard to do. They got access to the dropbox. That’s in the FBI report. He also let people know with whom he was dealing … the word was passed, according to the FBI report, “I also shared this box with a couple of friends, so if anything happens to me, it’s not going to solve your problem”. But WikiLeaks got access, before he was killed. I have a narrative of how that whole fucking thing began.   It’s a [former CIA director John] Brennan operation. It was an American disinformation [campaign].",Fake
170,20,Breaking: Wasserman Schultz Aide Imran Awan Under Investigation for Allegedly Selling Secrets to Russians,"Is the largest scandal in US history likely to happen with Democrats being involved? The more information you find out about Democratic IT scammer Imran Awan-the more you find out about the profile of a bold and careless criminal mind.Imran Awan was Debbie Wasserman Schultzs aide for thirteen years since she started working as a Florida representative in 2004. He was fired last week and continued to play her IT expert even when he was living in Pakistan.Accessing specific computer network without permission, also known as hacking, was the crime act that the three Pakistani brothers, who managed the IT affairs for several Democratic government officials, have committed.Imran Awan, who started working for Wasserman Schultz in 2005, received $164,600 in 2016, with close to $20,000 of that coming from Wasserman Schultz. His brother Jamal, who started working as a staffer in 2014, was paid $157,350.12 in 2016. Abid, who started working in 2005, was paid $160,943 in 2016. Imrans wife, Hina Alvi, who was employed as a staffer since February 2007, was paid 168,300 in 2016. Rao Abbas was paid $85,049 in 2016. Abid, Imran, and Jamal Awan were barred from computer networks at the House of Representatives in February. Most of the House Members fired the Awans afterwards, while Imran Awan was still receiving payments from Debbie Wasserman Shultz until he was arrested for Bank Fraud after attempting to flee the country. The other members of the family left the country and moved to Pakistan together with hundreds of thousands of tax-payer money they mysteriously were able to wire. Democrats could be compromised by the Awans and Sensitive information revealed to foreign Enemies! (Muslim Brotherhood  Yemen Raid with dead soldier for example? Most of them have Seats on Committees that deal with highly sensitive information. According to Redditt  Imran Awan is now released with an GPS ankle monitor until his preliminary hearing on Aug. 21. Awan pretended to be his wife when issued a request for a loan from the Congressional Federal Credit Union and got it! He had the credit union wire $165,000 to PAKISTAN  no questions asked. Andrew McCarthy at National Review reported: Bank fraud was the stated charge on which Awan was arrested at Dulles Airport this week, just as he was trying to flee the United States for Pakistan, via Qatar. That is the same route taken by Awans wife, Hina Alvi, in March, when she suddenly fled the country, with three young daughters she yanked out of school, mega-luggage, and $12,400 in cash. By then, the proceeds of the fraudulent $165,000 loan theyd gotten from the Congressional Federal Credit Union had been sent ahead. It was part of a $283,000 transfer that Awan managed to wire from Capitol Hill. He pulled it off  hilariously, if infuriatingly  by pretending to be his wife in a phone call with the credit union. Told that his proffered reason for the transfer (funeral arrangements) wouldnt fly, Mrs. Awan promptly repurposed: Now she was buying property. Asking no more questions, the credit union wired the money . . . to Pakistan.Congressional-staff salaries are modest, in the $40,000 range. For some reason, Awan was paid about four times as much. He also managed to get his wife, Alvi, on the House payroll . . . then his brother, Abid Awan . . . then Abids wife, Natalia Sova. The youngest of the clan, Awans brother Jamal, came on board in 2014  the then-20-year-old commanding an annual salary of $160,000. A few of these arrangements appear to have been sinecures: While some Awans were rarely seen around the office, we now know they were engaged in extensive financial shenanigans away from the Capitol. Awan also threatened and tried to extort cash from his stepmother after his fathers death. The Daily Caller reported: Their own stepmother, a devout Muslim, called police in Virginia and said they used high-tech devices to wiretap her home and tried to extort her into signing papers that would give them access to cash stored in Pakistan in their deceased fathers name. The stepmother, Samina Gilani, said in court documents that Imran said he was very powerful and would have her loved ones kidnapped in Pakistan. Court records show that their father changed his last name, and two relatives said that was because he detested illegal behavior by his sons. In public lawsuits in Fairfax County, Va., the brothers have been accused of life insurance fraud as well as fraud involving a car dealership. This is a description of a complete slimeball. Who kicks his stepmother out of her home when she has just lost her husband? The more you read about Imran Awan the more you see the picture of a complete soulless criminal. So why was he hanging around Wasserman Schultz for 13 years? Now thisFederal officials are investigating whether sensitive information was passed from Imran Awan to the Russian or Pakistani governments.The New York Post reported: Federal authorities are investigating whether sensitive data was stolen from congressional offices by several Pakistani-American tech staffers and sold to Pakistani or Russian intelligence, knowledgeable sources say. What started out 16 months ago as a scandal involving the alleged theft of computer equipment from Congress has turned into a national-security investigation involving FBI surveillance of the suspects. Investigators now suspect that sensitive US government data  possibly including classified information  could have been compromised and may have been sold to hostile foreign governments that could use it to blackmail members of Congress or even put their lives at risk. This is a massive, massive scandal, a senior US official familiar with the widening probe told The Post.",Fake
171,218,Walmart Customer Finds Dead Baby in Discount DVD Bin,"42-year-old Diane Jessop received the surprise of her life while shopping at her local Roy County, Kentucky Walmart Saturday morning. According to police statements, Jessop was sorting through the stores discount DVD bin when she discovered a lifeless newborn buried in the middle of the bin. On-scene witnesses say that several customers made it over to the area after hearing Jessop scream and call for help. Jessop recalled seeing a small foot as she dug to the bottom of the DVD pile. Initially she assumed that someone had placed a doll within the pile. It wasn’t until she grabbed the foot and pulled the body from the pile of DVDs that she realized it was not a doll, but the body of a lifeless newborn girl.",Fake
172,91,Trump Orders 13 Obama Deep State Operatives Arrested For Treason,"It’s now clear why the Left has been throwing such a fit lately. While they have been screaming “RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA,” President Trump has been dealing with some of our nation’s actual problems.",Fake
173,251,This 7 month pregnant woman was beaten by refugee in Oklahoma,THIS 7 MONTH PREGNANT WOMAN WAS BEATEN BY MUSLIM REFUGEE IN OKLAHOMA. DO YOU SUPPORT HANG HIM?,Fake
174,122,Trump Incensed by National Parks Service’s Plan To Add Barack Obama’s Face To Mount Rushmore,"Washington, D.C. (AP) — In a move the Trump administration calls, “just another example of American carnage,” the National Parks Service admitted today in a press conference they have plans to add the face of former President Barack Obama to the Mount Rushmore National Monument.",Fake
175,457,Celebrities To Make 'Total Hollywood Strike' Unless Trump Resigns,"We are all well aware that most of the Hollywood stars support the liberals and hate Donald Trump. Even before he took the office, it was more than obvious, as some even said that they will leave the country rather than have Donald Trump as a President. Just one of their hilarious acts.",Fake
176,392,Obama Just Announced Summit In Chicago – Will Bring 100’s Of World Leaders Together In Attempt To Take Over Presidency,As Obama pushes his upcoming Obama Foundation Summit to be held in Chicago the main theme is about change. Obama has broke from a long tradition of previous President’s staying out of the current President’s way repeatedly and has even bought a home just minutes from the White House in an attempt to undermine President Trump at every opportunity.,Fake
177,23,Wikileaks Massive Exposure: Here Are 6 Republicans Who Took Bribes from Clinton to 'Destroy Trump',"Hillary Clinton is still whining about her humiliating loss to President Donald Trump in last years election. She plans to take him down and her plan involves some powerful Republicans. Wikileaks named Paul Ryan, Carly Fiorina, John Kasich, Jeb Bush, Lindsey Graham, and John McCain as Republicans who were paid off by Clinton to ensure that Donald Trump lost the election, or undermine him if he won as reported by Conservative Daily Post. Her evil plot was revealed in an email sent last July from Clintons campaign manager John Podesta to top aide Huma Abedin.Podesta detailed how the funds were being redirected from Clintons campaign to the Super PACs of Carly Fiorina, John Kasich, and Jeb Bush.",Fake
178,21,Bombshell: New Evidence Suggest We Are Not Being Told Everything About Charlottesville,"One unidentified officer in Charlottesville, VA has come forward and break his silence on the truth behind the events at Charlottesville, according to video via Headlines in Voice. He is suggesting that what took place in Charlottesville was not only allowed to happened, but was intentional and had been planned to happen since May. The officer said that the Charlottesville P.D were instructed to bring radical left and right groups together in one area before being told to stand down. Which suggests that it was someones intentions to start a violent race-based war at the protest. These are his words:The above video states the following, We [Charlotesville police] were ordered to bring the rival groups together. As soon as they were in contact with each other, we were told to stand down. It was outrageous. We werent allowed to arrest anyone without asking the mayor first. We werent even allowed to stop the driver as he sped away. The event was being set up as far back as at least May and it went like clockwork.",Fake
179,90,Muslim Federal Judge Rules Two Items Of Sharia Law Legal,Judge Mahal al Alallaha-Smith of the 22nd District Federal Court of Appeals ruled this morning that two “critical issues for Muslims” in Sharia Law had to be abided by in the United States court system because of the systematic infusion clause and because the 14th Amendment guarantees them the rights guaranteed by other states.,Fake
180,387,BREAKING: Clinton Foundations Sends Water To Houston…For $7 A Bottle,"The Clinton Foundation is using an outdated rule for non-profits that states that they “have the right to compete in the free market regardless of who the competition is.” What that translates to is, “Since the guy on the corner is fleecing the terrified storm survivor for $7 per bottle, that’s what we get to charge the federal government.",Fake
181,323,Figures. Anti-Trump Protesters Were Bussed in to Austin #FakeProtests (Updated),"The American Public is With You!Not. Paid fake protesters were bussed in to the anti-Trump protests in Austin, Texas. bus-protest They must have spent a lot of Soros money on this operation.bus-protests-2 There was a whole string of busses.  bus-protests-3 It figures.  Everything they do is fake or paid for.  Anti-Trump protestors in Austin today are not as organic as they seem. Here are the busses they came in. #fakeprotests #trump2016 #austin twitter.com/VxhP7t6OUI  erictucker (@erictucker) November 10, 2016 Update: Controversy: media reports that buses were not protest buses.",Fake
182,337,BREAKING: US Senator Charged With 6 Felonies–Dems In A Panic,Senator Warren Sherman of Vermont says he had no idea what was happening when his charter plane was stopped on a runway at Sanders Field in Burlington late last night. The plane was boarded by the FBI and all of the passengers and crew arrested.,Fake
183,108,"BECAUSE TRUMP WON THE PRESIDENCY, FORD Shifts TRUCK PRODUCTION FROM MEXICO TO OHIO!",Ford’s heavy duty pickup trucks which used to be built in Mexico started rolling off an assembly line in Ohio this week.,Fake
184,123,Ted Cruz: “I Will Endorse Donald Trump For President If He Makes Masturbation Illegal”,"WASHINGTON, D.C. (AP) — U.S. Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Texas) sent shockwaves through the Republican Party today when he announced that he would endorse Donald Trump for President, but only if the GOP nominee would be willing to publicly support a ban on masturbation. The Senator called this ‘The single most important issue facing the country today’ and that without ‘swift action by the next President the country was doomed to slide down a slippery slope of debauchery and self-satisfaction’.",Fake
185,319,CLINTON DESCRIBES SANDERS SUPPORTERS AS BASEMENT-DWELLERS & BARISTAS IN LEAKED RECORDING,"Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton made forthright remarks about Bernie Sanders supporters during a private meeting with fundraisers, an audio",Fake
186,53,BREAKING: Pregnant Obama Mistress Revealed! (Picture),"The identity of former president Barack Obama’s pregnant mistress has been revealed. Her name is Cassidy McLean from Montbleau, Colorado. Obama met her while on a ski trip to Aspen without his family in 2014. He hired her to be a receptionist in the West Wing and now, two years later, she is expecting his child:",Fake
187,224,ALL FOUND MURDERED! DOCTORS WHO DISCOVERED CANCER ENZYMES IN VACCINES,"A number of holistic doctors in Florida, over 60 of them within one year, who have been found, killed or dead all have one common denominator.",Fake
188,446,BARRACK OBAMA WILL BE ON NEW $1 DOLLAR BILL 2017,"ANON JEKLOY  6:26:00 PM   BREAKINGNEWS  , hotnewsanonymous",Fake
189,321,REPORT: THREE MILLION VOTES IN PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION CAST BY ILLEGAL ALIENS,"Three million votes in the U.S. presidential election were cast by illegal aliens, according to Greg Phillips of the VoteFraud.org organization.",Fake
190,320,AWKWARD: CNN CUTS OFF BERNIE SANDERS AFTER HE CALLS THEM FAKE NEWS,Update: President Donald Trump addressed CNNs technical difficulties in a tweet Sunday.,Fake
191,378,Obama Cuts 2.6 Billion From Veterans While Allocating 4.5 Billion To Syrian Migrants Moving To America,"Veteran Affairs is one of the most mismanaged government program in the United States. Veterans cannot make appointments, the cost for treatment is outrageous, over 307,000 veterans died",Fake
192,109,Denzel Washington Backs Trump In The Most Epic Way Possible,"While the rest of liberal Hollywood is still trying to demonize Donald Trump, Denzel Washington is speaking out in favor of the president-elect.",Fake
193,533,Thanks To President Trump Radical Islamists Will No Longer Be Operating Jihad Training Sites in America,"ELDER PATRIOT – President Trump has stepped up the pressure on radical Islamists operating inside the United States and it’s started paying off. More than two years ago Ryan Mauro, a national security analyst for the Clarion Project appeared with Bill O’Reilly to discuss the growing jihadist threat inside the United States. Mauro had focused his comments on five organizations that have links to Islamic extremists that have established military style training bases inside our country with the plan to unleash Jihad against America.  One such training camp is located 145 northwest of New York City in Islamberg a secluded community outside the town of Hancock, NY.  Islamberg is the home to Sufi cleric Sheikh Syed Mubarik Ali Shah Gilani and an unknown number of radical followers. Naturally, Mauro was discredited by the MSM for reporting on this. Two and a half years later we have learned that a raid on the compound conducted by NY State authorities uncovered a sizable cache of weapons in a storage locker belonging to Ramadan Abdullah that included: 8 assault weapons 4 loaded handguns 1 loaded shotgun 2 rifles 64 high-capacity ammunition feeding devices flak jackets 1,000s of rounds of ammunition, including .50-caliber armor-piercing rounds 64-year old Ramadan Abdullah, a long-time associate of a U.S.-based Islamist terrorist organization, Muslims of America (MOA), and a ranking member of the Islamberg cult was arrested and a search of his past revealed: He was previously arrested in 1977 when he tried to rob a store A man was murdered during the robbery A search of his home uncovered enough materials to build 50 bombs Before the raid on Abdullah’s storage locker in July he was arrested trying to steal four boxes of ammunition from a local store. All of this led police to begin searches of other locations that Abdullah often visited.  These searches turned up loaded handguns, more high-capacity ammunition feeding devices and ammunition. While New York State Police Major Jim Barnes said, “There’s no indication there was a plan in place to commit an act of violence,” he did confirm that police believe Abdullah had made trips overseas. During that 2015 interview Mauro had shown O’Reilly a video given to him by a law enforcement source that shows members marching with rifles in apparent guerilla warfare training. Mauro also identified: The Dar-al Hijrah mosque in the Seven Corners section of Falls Church, Va., that was once led by Anwar al-Awlaki, the al Qaeda al-Awlaki. The mosque, near Washington, D.C., is now led by an imam who said, “Muslims shall be first in line for the arms for jihad.” The Masjid At Taqwa mosque in Bed-Stuy, Brooklyn The Islamic Circle of North America, a radical group that is legitimized by only 2 percent of American Muslims that has its headquarters a few miles from Masjid At Taqwa in Queens, New York. CAIR, or the Council on American-Islamic Relations. The US Department of Justice has classified CAIR as a ‘political influence organization of the Muslim brotherhood’. Yet nothing was done to check this radical Islamic threat until earlier this month.  Somehow I’m led to conclude that as long as Obama was president nothing would ever be done to protect us from Islamic extremism. Or, maybe it was just Jim Comey’s worthless direction of the F.B.I. that let these groups operate with impunity. Thank God for Donald Trump.",Fake
194,120,Obama Signs Executive Order: Appoints Rashad Hussain As New Supreme Court Justice,"WASHINGTON — Just two days after the funeral for the late Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia, who died last Sunday of a heart attack at the age of 79, President Obama signed Executive Order 14651, which appoints Rashad Hussain as the new Supreme Court Justice to replace Scalia.",Fake
195,286,"Biden Blames “Lazy American Women” For The Economy: “They Sit Around Doing Nothing, Only Hillary Can Force Them To Work”","Democratic Vice President Joe Biden wants American women to get back in the workforce to help boost the economy. “If we just put all the women back to work, if they were able to afford childcare, we would increase the GDP in America by close to eight tenths of one percent,” he said. “That’s trillions of dollars over the next decade.”",Fake
196,292,Melania Trump Bans Monsanto Products From The White House,First Lady Melania Trump has banned Monsanto products from her household after learning of the health effects associated with consuming genetically modified (GM) corn.,Fake
197,581,Pope endorses Donald Trump,VATICAN CITY – News outlets around the world are reporting on the news that Pope Francis has made the unprecedented decision to endorse a US presidential candidate. His statement in support of Donald Trump was released from the Vatican this evening:,Fake
198,450,DHS Insider: CIA And Mossad Behind Washington DC Pedophile Ring,"ANON JEKLOY  6:34:00 PM   BREAKINGNEWS  , hotnewsanonymous",Fake
199,282,JEFF SESSIONS FIRED: RETURNS TO OFFICE TO FIND TRUMP’S SOCK ON DOOR KNOB,"Less than an hour after finishing his awkward Congressional testimony, Attorney General discovered the size five foot sock suspended from his office door.",Fake
200,285,Ruth Ginsburg Threatens To “Resign From SCOTUS” If Trump Is Elected President,"The Supreme Court is in recess for the summer, but Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg took some time to reflect on its future composition, which will chiefly depend on who is elected president in November. Asked on Thursday about the prospect of Donald Trump being handed the job of selecting the next crop of justices, she seemed uneasy at the thought. “I don’t want to think about that possibility, but if it should be, then everything is up for grabs,” she told The Associated Press in a wide-ranging interview that also touched on the loss of her dear friend Antonin Scalia and some of the court’s biggest rulings in the term that ended in late June.",Fake
201,332,Hillary Clinton: Women Only Voted For Trump Because Their Husbands Told Them To,"Hillary Clinton’s delusions continue. It’s been almost a year since the election, and now Hillary’s blaming married women who voted for Donald Trump for her loss to the president back in November.Still unwilling to take any responsibility for her loss to Donald Trump, Hillary continues to play the blame game.  So far, she’s blamed everyone from her most trusted advisor, Huma Abedin, to the infamous socialist and fellow democrat Bernie Sanders, for the disastrous campaign and ridiculous ideas she championed last year. But she doesn’t stop there anymore. Now it’s the fault of married women who voted for Donald Trump. According to the Daily Wire, the quintessential modern feminist Clinton says women were too scared to stand up to their husbands, boyfriends, and fathers, who told them to vote Republican, and since, clearly, women have no agency or ability to think for themselves, they listened.  Of course, that’s according to Hillary. But she blamed socialist women as well. Clinton made the outrageous claims in an interview with NPR,where she also blamed the so-called “Bernie Bros” for bullying Democratic women into avoiding the more moderate Clinton in favor of the socialist, Bernie Sanders. “You yourself in the book acknowledge that a good number of young women didn’t vote for you, which is presumably not a sexist choice. They just weren’t inspired by your message,” NPR’s Rachel Martin said during an interview with Clinton, out to promote her litany of excuses…er…recently released book, What Happened. “I think it’s a lot more complicated than that,” Clinton answered. “I did win the women’s vote. I didn’t win the vote of white women, but I got more white women votes than Barack Obama did,” she said. “Women will have no empathy for you because they will be under tremendous pressure — and I’m talking principally about white women — they will be under tremendous pressure from fathers, and husbands, and boyfriends and male employers, not to vote for ‘the girl,’” she said. –Daily Wire. But Clinton also said that even though women liked and respected her (an observation American women might disagree with generally) they were too afraid to stand up to the “oppressive Patriarchial hand” that often “forces” them to hide their allegiance to womankind. Clinton also tried pretty hard to convince NPR that she is taking the blame for her loss, but no one is buying this snake oil anymore: “I take ultimate responsibility for the loss,” Clinton said. “I was the candidate. I was the person whose name was on the ballot. And I’ll never get over that.” And even though she lost to one of the most hated candidates of all time, Hillary Clinton is refusing to go away. “I’m not going anywhere. I have the experience, I have the insight, I have the scars that I think give me not only the right but the responsibility to speak out,” Clinton said.",Fake
202,132,Hurricane Matthew Was Called ‘Hurricane Hillary’ Until Obama Banned Name,"Hurricane Matthew, the devastating storm that left a trail of dead in Haiti and the Caribbean last year, was originally named “Hurricane Hillary,” until the Obama White House intervened and demanded the name changed.",Fake
203,119,FEINSTEIN CONTINUES TO SERVICE THE COUNTRY,“Truth or Fiction” confirms the story is true. “Snopes” confirms that it is true that Blum got the contract but not due to his wife’s influence. Of course not! (Duh!),Fake
204,455,"Head Official Makes FINAL CALL, Hillary Most Definitely Sick With THIS","Posted by Matthew Bernstein | Sep 15, 2016 | Liberal Corruption",Fake
205,327,The Democrtatic Party Forced Bernie Sanders To Drop Out Of The Race?,"WikiLeaks editor Julian Assange has accused Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton of committing extortion by hyping fears over the possibility of a Republican victory to attract left-wing voters. Sanders supporters are waiting with bated breath for the next email dump from Julian Assange, the founder and editor in chief of Wikileaks. Because the DNC rules are suspended If Hillary Drops Out The Second Candidate With The Highest Number Of Delegates Gets The Nomination. He released hacked emails last month showing Democratic National Committee officials plotting to defeat Mrs. Clintons chief rival, Vermont Sen. Bernard Sanders.Wikileaks editor-in-chief Julian Assange promised to release more damning emails about the Clinton Foundation, and warned he has enough evidence on Hillary Clinton making secret deals with an alleged Islamic State sponsor for the FBI to indict her.We have more info, and we will publish everything when the time is right some of these materials can get Hillary Clinton to lose the nomination.Was Bernie Sanders Forced to drop out of the race?  John Pilger did an interview with Assange and is planning to use this material for his next documentary about Wikileaks founder! We going to report with every major info from this interview in the nex few days! You can read the first part of the interview in a link below! Assange 1 Pilger: Julian, we cut you off earlier when you were talking about what you felt were the most important emails that you have released. Is there any last one that you would like to mention? Moreover, also, do you have any thoughts on Bernie Sanders? I mean what is your opinion why Bernie Sanders drop out of the race? Assange: Look, I thinkyou know, we are aware how politics works in the United States. Whoeverwhatever political party gets into government is going to merge with the bureaucracy pretty damn fast. It will be in a position where it has some levers in its hand. Also, Bernie Sanders was independent candidate trying to get the nomination trough the Democratic Party. So it is easy to see why he wasnt the nominee from their ranks! Assis not focusing entirely on Clinton however, urging anyone with information on Donald Trump to come forward!",Fake
206,293,Police: Charlottesville Was ‘Inside Job’ To Ignite Race War,"A Charlottesville police officer claims the riots, which pitched white supremacists against Antifa, were set up to further the agenda of the elites.",Fake
207,330,Criminal President Obama Encourages Illegal Aliens to Vote  Promises No Repercussions (VIDEO),"When readers first sent this to us we thought, no way, not even Obama would be this lawless.  obama-illegals.  But we were wrong.  Barack Obama openly called on illegal aliens to vote in Tuesdays election.  This whole administration is lawless They lie at every turn.  They lied to get Obamacare passed.  They lied about Benghazi.  They lied about Hillarys private server and emails.  And now they are calling on illegal aliens to vote.  The video comes from Cavuto.",Fake
208,124,Secret Service Agent Says Obama Is Muslim & Gay In New Tell-All Book,"Washington, DC — A former Secret Service agent whose new book is quickly climbing Amazon’s best-seller charts, said he is concerned about the state of the country and says it is time the public knows the real truth about our Commander in Chief, Barack Obama.",Fake
209,324,"VOTE FRAUD: More Than 5,000 Out-of-State Hillary Voters May have Tipped New Hampshire Against Trump","More evidence of voter fraud in New Hampshire has surfaced. It is now believed that over 5,000 out-of-state voters may have voted for Hillary Clinton on election day in New Hampshire because the state allows same-day registration.  New Hampshire was a close race in the 2016 Presidential election. Hillary won the four electoral votes, however; it took a week to count the votes because it was tight. Hillary received 348,521 votes, while Trump picked up 345,789. Trump   lost by 0.4 percent.  As previously reported, Hillary Clintons former top campaign lawyer, Marc Elias is behind a New Hampshire lawsuit to block a law which would force people who are registering to vote to show a form of I.D. Figures.  The Democrats are pulling out all the stops to prevent voter I.D. laws because without illegal aliens, dead people or people being bussed in to vote, the Democrats would never win another election.  Via Washington Times:  More than 6,500 people registered to vote in New Hampshire on Nov. 8 using out-of-state drivers licenses, and since then the vast majority have neither obtained an in-state license nor registered a motor vehicle.  Conservatives say the states same-day registration is an invitation for fraud because of loose proof-of-residence rules. New Hampshire House Speaker Shawn Jasper, a Republican, issued the numbers Thursday based on inquiries he made to the Department of State, which oversees elections, and the Department of Safety. Here are the numbers:  6,540 people registered and voted on Nov. 8, based on presenting out-of-state licenses.  As of Aug. 30, about 15 percent (1,014 of the voters) had been issued New Hampshire drivers licenses.  ?f the remaining 5,526, barely more than 200 (3.3 percent) had registered a motor vehicle in New Hampshire.  New Hampshire law gives drivers 60 days upon establishing residence to obtain a state license.  But more than 80 percent of voters who registered on Nov. 8 using out-of-state drivers licenses, or 5,313 of them, neither had a state license nor registered a motor vehicle almost 10 months later.  It is well known that people are bussed in to vote in New Hampshire. This is why the Democrats are fiercely working to stop any investigation into vote fraud and are working to prevent any type of voter I.D. laws. Strict laws would have tipped New Hampshire in Donald Trumps favor.",Fake
210,456,BREAKING: NFL FINES PITTSBURGH STEELERS $1M EACH FOR SKIPPING NATIONAL ANTHEM,"Donald Trump must have really gotten through to the NFL! After he tweeted on Sunday shaming owners for catering to PC culture while allowing players to disrespect our flag, our country, and our national anthem, everyone fell in line.",Fake
211,25,"Breaking: Islam Prohibited in Public Schools, Supreme Court Voted...Thanks to Trump","When then-candidate Donald Trump spoke at rallies and discussed the importance of electing a conservative Supreme Court Justice could be nominated, the left was oblivious to how important that single issue was. Conservatives recognized that America was at risk if Democrats kept the power.Recently, the full panel of 9 justices came together for the first time to decide the fate of Islam being taught within our public school system. The decision shows just how close we came to disaster. The 5-4 ruling ultimately decided that Sharia Law or any ideology that contradicts basic human rights will not be taught in Americas public schools. This shows just how important the election of President Trump was and his decision to appoint Judge Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court.The government certainly has no business being involved in religion, but this isnt a government issue or a religious issue, Gorsuch said in a statement. This is about the judicial branch interpreting the laws as they apply to the teaching of religion. We should be teaching any religions in this country besides standard Judaeo-Christianity, as our founders wanted, and we certainly shouldnt be filling the children with lies about Islam being a religion of peace when they see the carnage on the news almost every day. Gorsuch cast the tie-breaking vote that decided that only the true historical account of Islamic history would be taught in the classroom.",Fake
212,287,"Celebrities Call For A Massive, All-Round Strike In Hollywood “Until The Fascist Trump Resigns”","Rosie O’Donnell, Debra Messing, Ed Asner and Michael Shannon are among the dozens of artists, entertainers, and activists who have attached their names to an effort calling for a month-long protest to stop President-elect Donald Trump. “No! In the Name of Humanity We Refuse to Accept a Fascist America!” reads a full-page ad placed in the New York Times on Wednesday by the group Refuse Racism. “Donald Trump, the President-elect, is assembling a regime of grave danger,” the ad says. “Millions of people in the US and around the world are filled with deep anxiety, fear and disgust. Our anguish is right and just. Our anger must now become massive resistance – before Donald Trump is inaugurated and has the full reins of power in his hands.”</span>",Fake
213,247,Bill Clinton Health Crisis-Family Gathering in Little Rock,"Sources close to the Clinton family say that Slick Willy, 40th President of the United States and perpetual cheater,",Fake
214,250,"Stuck 71 Hours in an Elevator, Man Kills and Eats his wife to survive","Philadephia, PA | 44-year old Bruce Franklin was arrested this morning, after he confessed to killing his wife and eating her flesh while he was stuck with her in an elevator.",Fake
215,27,What Donald Trump Did For 200 Marines Shows Who He Really Is,"Throughout his campaign, Donald Trump has demonstrated his unwavering support for our troops. This is something that has been missing from the White House for some time now. Recently, Hannity gave a report about Trump that speaks louder than any of his statements could. During the war, Trump reportedly helped 200 stranded Marines who didnt have a flight home to Florida. Cpl. Ryan Stickney claims that after his unit spent six months in Saudi Arabia, it went to Camp Lejeune in North Carolina before heading home to Miami. Due to a logistics failure, the troops ended up stranded. The way the story was told to us was that Mr. Trump found out about it and sent the airline down to take care of us, Stickney commented. And thats all we knewI remember asking Who is Donald Trump? I truly didnt know anything about him. This is the same person that the media likes to portray as selfish. It may not seem like much to most people, but it was very important to a bunch of jar heads and more importantly their families waiting for them on the hot tarmac, he continued. I have not seen a Clinton or Sanders plane, or anything else for that matter, sent to support the troops. What do you think of Trump? Is he clearly a man of his word?",Fake
216,468,Klaus Eberwein Who Was Supposed To Testify Against Clintons Found Dead,"The Clintons have become known for having a long list of people who died from unknown reasons under suspicious conditions, and were at the same time, either dangerously connected to them, or representing a threat to them. From recently, sadly, the list has one more name on it.",Fake
217,118,"SAVE THIS FOR NEXT TUESDAY NIGHT, NOVEMBER 8TH ~","BUSTED, HERE ARE THE COMPLETE ELECTION RESULTS",Fake
218,454,Does Hillary Clinton Have Kuru Disease From Cannibalism?,"Posted by Elliot Bougis | Nov 9, 2016 | Breaking News",Fake
219,24,The Clinton Body Count Continues...New Evidences Revealed,"Most Conservatives know that the Clintons pose a real threat to America and their body count continues to rise. They have killed more people than the Swine Flu and Ebola combined. Of course everybody wants to ask the obvious question about Hillary Clintons IT guy, Why would a server guy plead the 5th?! One answer, he did it to save his life. This man is a liability because he may know more than anyone about the killings.Sorcha Faal believes that its best to err on the side of caution, but not doing so will put you in the dog pound with the Mafia, otherwise known as the Clinton Foundation:In what a new Foreign Intelligence Service(SVR) report circulating in the Kremlin today calls a ""master incestuous maneuver"", the Bush Crime Family has rushed to the side of Hillary Clinton afrter a top United Nations official set to testify her in a US District Court yesterday was found dead by FBI agents who were set to deliver him before a Grand Jury. (Note: some words and phrases appearing in this report are English language approximations of Russian words and phrases having no exact counterpart.) According to this report, former UN Presiden John Ashe was scheduled to terstify against Hillary Clinton yesterday in a New York City US District Court, but when FBI agents arrived at his Dobbs Ferry, New York, mansion he was found dead of what current UN President Mogens Lykketoft said was a heart attack-but that SVR intelligence analysts say in this report is impossible to determine prior to an autopsy being performed and medical tests conducted. This is reminiscent of the time that Ron Brown went on an assignment for the Clintons and his plane just so happened to crash into a mountain.CNN reported at the time that Browns hand was forced:A former business partner of the late Commerce Secretary Ron Brown testified in U.S. District Court Monday that Brown had told her President and Mrs. Clinton supported at White House plan to sell seats on international trade missions to raise campaign contributions. Nolanda Hill, who is under federal indictment for fraudulent business practices, claimed Brown was angered when White House political operatives forced him to provide seats on trade missions as a fund-raising device.The Clintons will do anything for money. Dont forget they sold secrets to the Chinese for campaign contributions. This Chinese billionaire has avoided the Clintons death wish so far. Faal continues:Along with UN President Ashe and Chinese billionaire Seng being indicted for being a part of this massive bribery scheme to enrich the Clinton's and fuel Hillary's presidential run, this report notes, Francis Lorenzo, the ambassador to the UN for the Dominican Republic, and the top two executives for the Global Sustainability Foundation(GSF), Sheri Yan and Heidi Hon Piao, were, also, changed, all of whom had reached plea deals in exchange for their testimony against the Clinton's and Seng-has had, likewise, UN President Ashe done just prior to his death. Grimly to note too, this report continues, is that a ""powerful indicator"" that UN President Ashe was being targeted for death revealed itself this past January(2016) when Chinese billionare Seng (currently under house arrest in his New York City penthouse) suddenly dropped his bid for a speedy trial-and which SVR analysts in this reoprt attribute to his being given ""assurances/guarantees"" by the Clinton's that once Hillary gained the US presidency he would pardoned. Make no mistake, Hillary enjoys the killings. The Clintons are dangerous and they will sell America down the river with no remorse.",Fake
220,290,Michelle Obama Deletes Hillary Clinton From Twitter,Michelle Obama deleted Hillary Clinton from both of her Twitter accounts as news broke that Clinton is under two different FBI investigations,Fake
221,536,DEMOCRAT GOVERNOR & CLINTON INSIDER BUSTED Trying To COVER UP MASSIVE VOTER FRAUD … TRUMP WAS RIGHT,Democrats love voters.,Fake
222,131,Uncovered Voter Fraud In New Hampshire Tipped State For Hillary,"Nearly 7,000 illegal voters were found to have voted for Hillary Clinton in New Hampshire on November 8, according to official figures.",Fake
223,469,Bill Clintons Health Condition Update,"According to some sources close to the Clinton family, Bill Clinton is facing some tough situations that are going to make his next week very hard.",Fake
224,18,Hillary Clinton Busted in the Middle of Huge Pedophilia Ring Cover Up  At State Department,"An NBC news report claims that Hillary Clinton, while secretary of state, shut down an investigation into an elite pedophile ring in State Department ranks in order to avoid scandal and protect the careers of high ranking officials and an ambassador. The NBC investigation was broadcast at a time when they were a real news organization rather than a branch of the Democratic Partys PR department, and provided internal State Department memos to back up claims of a massive Hillary Clinton elite pedophile ring cover-up. Serious allegations concerning the State Department, the NBC anchor announced, before launching into the disturbing details that mainstream media would be unable to report on in 2017. According to internal State Department memos the agency might have called off or intervened into investigations into possibly illegal, inappropriate behavior within its ranks allegedly to protect jobs and avoid scandals. This concerns a time when Hillary Clinton was secretary of state. There is an old saying in Washington that the cover-up is worse than the crime. But in this case both parts of it are disturbing, Chuck Todd continued.Allegations of prostitution and pedophilia, and allegations that those crimes were somehow covered up or not looked into. So the State Department this morning is having to respond to those claims, and those investigations involve misconduct by State Department officials, including an Ambassador and security agents attached to then secretary of state, Hillary Clinton.The allegations are that these investigations were whitewashed, quashed altogether, and that those orders came from high up. NBC has obtained documents relating to ongoing investigations into some disturbing allegations involving State Department personnel and at least one ambassador. A State Department memo says, quote, the Ambassador routinely ditched his protective security detail in order to solicit sexual favors from both prostitutes and minor children.The memo also says a top State Department official directed State Department investigators to cease the investigation into the ambassadors conduct. Its just one of what another document describes as several examples of undue influence from top State Department officials. Elite pedophile ring In contrast to Clintons cover-up, President Trump has announced a federal investigation into the elite pedophile scandal involving human trafficking earlier this month and promised to help put an end to the horrific, really horrific crimes taking place. The president held a short, dramatic press conference after meeting with human trafficking experts to announce that he will direct the Department of Justice, the Department of Homeland Security and other federal agencies to devote more resources and personnel to the investigation. Appearing at the press conference for less than two minutes, President Trump said that the issue has been on the radar of federal government for some time but since taking office in January the investigation has become much more focused. It has been much more focused over the last four weeks, I can tell you that.",Fake
225,318,MAKE SOROS HAPPY: CLINTON CAMPAIGN DISCUSSES IMPORTANCE OF PLEASING BILLIONAIRE IN HACKED EMAIL,Members of Hillary Clintons presidential campaign discussed the political importance of pleasing billionaire George Soros in emails published by WikiLeaks.,Fake
226,535,FRAUD: Democrat Worker Sentenced to Prison for Registering Dead Voters,"HANNITY| A liberal student at James Madison University was sentenced to upwards of four months in prison for registering dead people to vote in the state of Virginia, reports the Richmond Times-Dispatch. Andrew Spieles, a 21-year old man from Harrisonburg, Virginia, was found guilty after admitting he filed phony registration applications at least 18 times, often involving dead people. The student worked for Harrisonburg Votes, an organization with close ties to the state’s democratic party. “In August 2016, Spieles was directed to combine his registration numbers with those of another individual because their respective territories overlapped,” said a statement from the U.S. Attorney’s Office. “Every Thursday an employee/volunteer hand-delivered the paper copies of the registration forms to the Registrar’s Office in Harrisonburg.” The scheme was discovered after election officials noticed that new voter applications were turning up in the names of recently deceased people, including the father of a prominent local judge. “The Registrar’s Office discovered multiple instances of similarly falsified forms when it reviewed additional registrations. Some were in the names of deceased individuals while others bore incorrect middle names, birth dates, and social security numbers,” the statement added. Spieles told the court he submitted the fraudulent material in order to reach a pre-determined “quota” imposed on him by Harrisonburg Votes.",Fake
227,19,Breaking: Sharia Law is Gone--The House Made a Decision,"Former president Barack Obama and his Democrats wanted us to believe that Muslims are good and kind, that theyre just a bunch of unfortunate people forced to leave their homelands.Obama wanted you to think that these poor people are just here to assimilate and leave the American dream. No, they dont want to live the American dream, but take it. Most Muslims come to this country to shoot and run over innocent people just because they want. America went through hell during Obamas presidency, because the former president didnt fight against terrorists. Moreover, he armed them. Have you ever seen Obama do anything to blast terrorists? No, he supported Muslims and gave them more rights than Americans will ever have. Now Muslims are trying to plant their Sharia law in every institution across the country. Is this what Obama referred to when he said that Muslims are here to assimilate? This law is the most terrible of them all. According to this law, you can get killed for being a gay, and rape victims cant do anything to punish rapists. Can you believe this? President Donald Trump will never allow anything like this, and he was clear about this during his presidential campaign. The good news is that the House passed a new bill that bans the application of foreign law. Democrats and Muslims arent quite happy about it, and they complain that the new bill only targets Muslims, and approves xenophobia and racism. Really? Weve heard a lot of discussions about this being a religious law and specifically directed at preventing Sharia law and I just dont read it that way, explained Republican Theresa Hamilton. Sandy Montgomery had a similar opinion. We have allowed legal immigrants, illegal immigrants and now refugees to take advantage of our law and culture to take up their own agendas. They have no intention to abide by our laws, nor are they interested in assimilating to our culture, she said. What do you think about this bill? Will Muslims protest again?",Fake
228,459,Trump Cuts NASA After Discovering Moon Not Made Of Cheese,"Washington D.C. — Trump Advisers today released official notice that space program NASA is losing all federal funding after the president was told by his second chief of staff, John Kelly in a “frustratingly stupid argument with a simple man” that the moon was not made of cheese like he was told as a young boy. Kelly was brought on July 31st to the White House to bring order and peace to the chaos of the Russian collusion case, and the day to day bumbling about of the new White House staff. With confusing public relations with the Charlottesville protests and his slowly degrading reputation in D.C. Kelly has been having a difficult time keeping up with the latest fire he has been tasked to put out and has been overheard arguing with the president over certain procedures and sometimes silly things like what the moon is made out of. One employee, who wishes to remain anonymous and is working closely with Kelly told us, “The president? I mean he’s alright I guess. [Kelly] thinks he’s a simpleton, has to over-explain everything to him, like a kid you know? I could have sworn I heard the two of them goin’ on about how Santa Claus was a fairy tale and not really a guy in a suit that brings you presents every year. Trump eventually put his fingers in his ears and started yelling ‘fake news’ over and over again so that he couldn’t hear [Kelly] and they both let it go after that.” NASA has been a wonderful, and highly educational factor of American Society since its foundation in 1946. Pushing the boundaries of exploration in the name of science and progress, NASA is currently working on various projects ranging from the Curiosity Mars Rover to the projects the men and women perform on the International Space Station. American Astronauts at the ISS upon learning that they will be coming back home much sooner than expected are going to be missed by their international team, and have this message to give to America, “Citizens of the USA, stand up for your rights now more than ever. The man in charge is not very bright, and while the rest of the world is going to move on he is going to keep you, the United States behind. Don’t let one man ruin generations of hard work. Together, we can achieve more.”",Satire
229,517,Democrats demand to see birth certificate for Donald Trump�s hair,"WASHINGTON, DC - As momentum grows for a possible White House run, increased scrutiny is being placed on Donald Trump’s hair, and specifically its origin. Upping the rhetoric, Democrats have now called for Donald Trump’s hair to produce a birth certificate for examination. Constitutional scholars are uncertain what impact the hair’s birth certificate would have on a possible presidency. “Our founding fathers were not clear on this subject,” said historian Dennis Kerns. “Many of them had hair of unknown origin, though usually of the powdered wig rather than double comb-over variety.” A representative for Donald Trump’s hair says that all questions will be answered in due time. “This is nothing more than a smear campaign,” said Donald Trump’s hair spokesman Ronald Cole. “Mr. Trump’s hair will not dignify these rumors and false allegations as to its origin by commenting on them in any way.” Mr. Cole was referring to allegations made by a hard core fringe group of Democrats who have come to be known as the “Hairbirther movement.” Members of the movement have made many claims as to the origin of Trump’s hair, including that it is of foreign or extra-terrestrial origin. Others go further and allege that it is the product of a relationship involving bestiality. “If Donald Trump’s hair has nothing to hide, then we urge it to produce a birth certificate,” said prominent Hairbirther Michelle Waxman. “Without actually seeing the paper in front of me, with my own eyes, I am only left to conclude that Donald Trump’s hair is indeed Belgian, marsupial, and at least slightly radioactive.”",Satire
230,262,"Latest Trump-Tweet Orders Dreamers, Trans’, & Lingering Burning Man Participants To Erect Border Wall","Nogales, AZ—An angry Tweet from Donald Trump has enslaved thousands of ‘snowflake’ liberals for the single purpose of building his promised border wall. The President told the press today, “I said the Mexicans would pay for the wall and clearly some of the folks we detained this week are pretty brown, really brown people. Sure, some are just tan because we picked them up in the desert, but some started out that pigment. We are working with the people at AncestryDeport.com to sort out the real Americans from the wetbacks. Don’t worry, folks, many brown people will be constructing and/or paying for this wall. When the Feds swept the desert at the close of Burning Man, we picked up a whole bunch of progressive flakey, hipster-types, and that’s when I told AG Sessions, ‘Hold onto those freaks. I have an idea…”",Satire
231,501,"Confirmed: Gays Are Using Father’s Day 2017 To Lure 1,000s of Unsuspecting Dads into the Homosexual Lifestyle","If you are planning to visit a national park or fair to celebrate Father’s Day today, beware as multiple sources confirm gays have coordinated an international plan to lure 1,000s of unsuspecting dads into homosexuality.",Satire
232,472,Donald Trump Awards Medal of Honor to Himself,"Donald Trump awarded his first Medal of Honor Monday, to himself.",Satire
233,267,Trump appoints golf club office cleaner as Health Secretary,"Bedminster, New Jersey — In a move further indicative of how he intends to lead and govern the United States, president-elect",Satire
234,502,Confirmed: Gays Are Using Snapchat’s New Snap Map Location Feature To Hunt Down Straight Men And Turn Them Gay,Moles within the gays community confirm that gays have used their technological prowess to exploit Snapchat’s new Snap Map feature to hunt down straight men and groom them into homosexuality.,Satire
235,464,Trump: “Why would I care about the climate? I’ll be dead in 10 years anyway”,"Donald Trump has once again managed to snub the international community. The USA pulling out of the Paris climate agreement rends 20 years of tough negotiations useless. Now, in an exclusive interview with The Postillon, he faces the big questions surrounding this historic move in person.",Satire
236,265,Americans appalled by Trump presidency turn to cryonics for escape,More and more Americans embarrassed by the incompetence and disgracefulness of Donald Trump’s presidency have turned to or are seriously considering,Satire
237,29,"BREAKING: Bridge Collapse Claims Hillary Clinton, Huma Abedin, 14 Others","The Mulatagrane Bridge in Columbus, New York has been in a state of immediate danger since 2009. It was submitted to the federal government but denied because of a clerical error on the application by the Obama administration. Last night it collapsed, and Obama has now been told that cost him the lives of two of his pals.Hillary Clinton and Huma Abedin were traveling in a 2017 Ford Crown Victoria with two Secret Service agents when the bridge collapsed, sending them into the Nimbolosci river  the fifth strongest current in the world. Their bodies were recovered this morning more than a mile downstream. They had all escaped the vehicle but none escaped the deadly current.President Trump expressed his hopes that everyone but Crooked Hillary made it out alive. The White House hasnt commented since learning the terribl.y good news. Thats just what it is. God works in mysterious ways. Theyve already learned that a van carrying eleven of the other twelve victims was a group of activists on their way to a gay pride march. The final victim was a fugitive from justice wanted for murder.basically, the nation lost two good Secret Service agents today and thats about it. Everything else is just such a bonus, right?",Satire
238,28,BREAKING: Eric Trump Just Saved The Lives Of 13 People,"Eric Trump was on a trip to Australia this morning when his plane, flying low to take in some scenery, came across a giant HELP written in sand on a small island in the middle of nowhere. He instructed his pilot to circle to see if there were people still there.To his surprise, he saw a group of people, now standing on the beach waving their arms, and knew he had to act: I told the pilot to put the plane down so we caould at least give them our food and water and we could wait for a rescue. We had already called in the coordinates and the Australian Navy was on the way.The pilot refused, so I fired him. I took over, since I have a pilots license, and landed the plane in the water about 40 yards offshore. We loaded all of our supplies onto life rafts and made our way to them as the plane sunk under the waves. We were only there for a few hours before a destroyer appeared on the horizon to pick us up. The people were grateful. I was just doing the kind of thing my father would do. The people saved have been invited to spend the weekend at Mar a Lago but as it turns out, they were also headed to Australia on vacation from Somalia, which is one of the countries whose citizens are under extreme vetting processes at the US border. Eric Trump says he wishes them well and hopes once they qualify to enter the country that theyll look him up.",Satire
239,473,Navy Launches First Gay Submarine,The Navy launched its first gay submarine Saturday.,Satire
240,263,Mar-a-Texo? Trump Floats Turning Houston Into Giant Golf Course Waterpark,"Tweet Tower—The Trump Organization is looking to borrow money from the Kremlin to help transform downtown Houston from its current soggy state to a lush and sprawling golf course resort. Many are calling this win, win, unless you happen to own property in an existing water hazard. President Trump pitched the idea to Houston Mayor Sylvester Turner at a ballgame today, during a flood delay. The President believes an elite golf course with this many natural water hazards will attract “some of the best golfers across the globe. The best!”",Satire
241,298,TRUMP VOWS NOT TO DEPORT ILLEGALS WHO RATE 8+,"WASHINGTON, D.C. (SatireWire.com) – In what it called a “show of great compassion,” the Trump administration today announced it will allow all female illegal immigrants to stay in the country if they rate an 8 or higher.",Satire
242,261,He defends your daughter’s urinal: 7 Reasons why Trumps VP pick will be James Dobson,"1. James Dobson is America’s #1 expert on women’s washrooms, knowing things even I never knew:",Satire
243,103,"Spicer: “Trump Led BREXIT Successfully Because Of His Upper-Class, Eloquent English Skills”","During Wednesday’s press briefing, White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer gave a strange response when European Commission President Jean-Claude Junker criticized President Donald Trump’s comprehension of world affairs. Last week, Junker warned that more countries may leave the European Union after Trump’s administration applauded Britain’s departure from the EU. “I think the president is very well steeped in world affairs, especially Europe, NATO, all of the issues,” Spicer insisted. “He was a leader in the effort to call BREXIT, as you know.”",Satire
244,314,Leaked: Fox News Job Description,Have You Ever Wondered What it Takes to Work at Fox News? Now You Know!,Satire
245,304,Trump: Ben Carson Perfect For HUD Because ‘It Has The Word Urban In It’,"NEW YORK, NEW YORK — President-Elect Donald J. Trump has already been raising eyebrows with his cabinet and adviser selections.  Trump tapped Jeff Sessions as his Attorney General when Sessions was deemed too racist for a federal judgeship back in the 1980’s. He’s asked Steve Bannon, an executive for Breitbart News, which frequently publishes white nationalist and white supremacist news under the banner of the “alt-right” movement, to be his Chief Strategist. This week he announced that South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley will be his U.N. ambassador despite having no experience in the State Department, and has reportedly asked Dr. Ben Carson — a chief rival during the Republican primaries — to be his Secretary of Housing and Urban Development (HUD).  At a press conference late Tuesday night, Trump gave some insight into his thinking process in inviting Carson into the role of HUD secretary.  “Well, I mean, you know, he’s um, one of them, isn’t he,” Trump asked rhetorically.  Reporters asked Trump what he meant by “one of them.” The president-elect first just winked back at the reporters. When they didn’t understand what he meant, he tried touching his nose. Exasperated, Mr. Trump finally answered the question in his trademark way.  “Look, he’s one of them, you know what I mean,” Trump said, “you know, his people are into jazz and they have an extra muscle that makes them good sports.”  The press pool was still not quite sure what he meant. Trump tried again to explain to him why he was choosing Dr. Carson for his HUD secretaro.  “It’s got the word urban in it, right,” Trump asked, “and when we think of urban we think of people of a certain…type, right? You know they all smoke marihuana cigarrettes and their women are Jezebels, strong sexual appetites, know what I mean?”  Still, the reporters weren’t quite understanding what Mr. Trump was getting at. He dug in even further.  “C’mon people, follow me here,” Trump implored them, “the job has the word urban in it, he’s an urban. You know, an URBAN. Like, his people are incapable of self-care and sink into lunacy under the burden of freedom.”  Looking puzzled, members of the press pool still couldn’t quite understand what Trump’s meaning was. They pushed for more clarity. Growing ever more flustered, Mr. Trump tried to oblige.  “You know, he could be a minstrel,” Trump offered, “he’s a good song and dance man, get it? Like, he’s not going to go swimming any time soon, no matter how long ago he ate. Get it now? Huh?”  After fifteen more minutes of trying to get the reporters assembled there to understand him, Trump finally gave up. He dug into his pocket, and got out some black shoe polish. He also got out a large rag and started smearing the polish all over his face, except around his eyes and mouth, there he left his trademark orange skin intact. He began singing.  “Everything seems lovely when you start to roam,” Trump sang out, continuing, “The birds are singin’, the day that you stray. But wait until you are further away. Things won’t be so lovely when you’re all alone. Here’s what you’ll keep saying when you’re far from home. Mammy, Mammy. The sun shines east, the sun shines west. I know where the sun shines best.”  The media simply grew quiet, their jaws agape.  “Mammy, my little Mammy,” Trump forged on, “My heartstrings are tangled around Alabammy. I’m comin’, sorry that I made you wait. I’m comin’, hope and trust that I’m not late, oh oh.  Mammy, my little Mammy. I’d walk a million miles for one of your smiles. My Mammy, oh oh.”  No one knew what to do, or what to say. So they just kept taking notes as Trump sang on.  “Mammy, my little Mammy,” Mr. Trump bellowed forth, “The sun shines east, the sun shines west. I know where, I know where the sun shines best. It’s on my Mammy I’m talkin’ about, nobody else’s. My little Mammy. My heartstrings are tangled around Alabammy. Mammy, Mammy, I’m comin’. I, I hope I didn’t make you wait.”  Now, it seemed that trump was building a crescendo. He was clearly ready to bring it all home. The reporters still just watched in stunned amazement.  “Mammy, Mammy, I’m comin’,” Trump sang, “Oh God I, I hope I’m not late. Mammy look at me. Don’t you know me? I’m your little baby. I’d walk a million miles for one of your smiles  My Mammy!”  A report from NPR shows that Trump lost the popular vote by a margin of two million votes to Democrat Hillary Rodham Clinton.",Satire
246,466,Peace offering? Trump sends Comey a delicious cake shortly prior to hearing,"Washington (dpo) - A gesture of reconciliation – a short while before former FBI Director James Comey’s hearing, a courier arrived for him with a tasty chocolate cake from US President Donald Trump. The cake was beautifully decorated using green sprinkles with a chemical aroma. Comey’s secretary Amber Smith confirmed the cake had been received, along with a short note from the President. The note reads: A token of my appreciation for your tireless fight for justice and a sign of my respect for you. You should eat it before your hearing today; it’ll be great fuel. For optimum results, at least 60 min beforehand so you don’t feel bloated at a crucial moment. Best wishes, Donald Trump (tehehe) According to Smith, it is uncertain exactly what kind of cake this is. “It appears to be a chocolate cake but I have no idea what the green sprinkles are made of. Perhaps they’re pistachio or mint flavour.” Smith continued, explaining that, unfortunately, Mr Comey was unable to eat the cake. He was very pleased to receive such a lovely gift but, “just as he was about to cut himself a piece, he suddenly spotted three dead flies lying on it so he had to throw it away. It’s a shame about the chocolate, though.”",Satire
247,470,Iraq War Veteran Dies Trying to Protect Buffet Ice Cream Machine from Obese Woman,"Home just eight weeks after being wounded during his second tour in Iraq, Javier Rodriguez of Macon, Georgia died in a valiant attempt to protect the financial solvency of his new employer from the gluttony of an overweight customer when he inserted himself between the soft serve ice cream machine at a Country House Buffet restaurant and a four hundred pound woman Thursday afternoon.",Satire
248,462,New White House Communication Director Caught with His Hand in a Mooch,"Air Force One — A White House pool photograph snapped a controversial picture of staffers on a flight to a campaign-style Trump rally in Wisconsin earlier this week. Trump Communication Director Anthony “The Mooch” Scaramucci was photographed grabbing a quick feel up newly appointed Press Secretary’s Sarah Huckabee Sanders dress. “I don’t even think he was aware he was doing it,” said Associated Press pool photographer Heather Kendall who snapped the unfortunate picture. “I mean, they were huddled on a small couch in the plane’s executive lounge and I said ‘hold it’ and they all posed. But as soon as I said that, Scaramucci shoved his hand up Secretary Huckabee’s dress and grabbed her by, well, you know.” Anthony Scaramucci has been criticized for not only mimicking President Trump in his mannerisms but also copying Mr. Trump’s words verbatim. In fact, the new Communications Director seems to parrot the President’s speeches frequently when being interviewed by the media. However, some say this latest foul is taking “being Trump” over the line. The picture sent outrage through the liberal blogs and triggered many anti-Trump protests. “What the $#@! [redacted] is going on,” said 38-year-old Lucille Easton of Seattle, Washington in a Facebook post. “How can these people get away with this kind of crap? I mean, they’re not just talking about it, they’re doing it right in front of the cameras now. This is totally disgusting and offensive.” When asked about the photograph during the daily press brief, Secretary Huckabee Sanders downplayed what is now being called “Gabbing by the Mooch.” “This is totally been blown out of proportion,” said Ms. Huckabee Sanders taking a question from ABC News. “The media likes to blow things up like this. Clearly, it’s not what you are saying. Mr. Scaramucci is just a little grabby, like most men. Locker room stuff and there was nothing improper about what he did. He does it all the time. He did the other day to Kellyanne and she loved the attention.” There has been no comment from the President. When asked during a ceremony today honoring Confederate losses during the Civil War, the President said, “Could you be any ruder interrupting this?”",Satire
249,498,Brexit: England Plans to Leave the EU and Become America’s 51st State,"New insider reports reveal that England is planning to leave the European Union and become the 51st state.  In a secret deal brokered by the Obama Adminstration and Parliament members loyal to rule by the Royal Family, the United Kingdom is to soon leave the European Union and consider making the United States dollar the standard currency for the nation.",Satire
250,259,Trump’s Budget: A Biblical Assessment,"Glory! Our President Mr. Donald Trump, the Best Friend of Jesus and President Putin, has released His plans to rectify and cure the Nation’s Economy. Of course, no True Christian™ would ever doubt His goodwill and Spiritual Purity when it comes to economics, but it is still worthwhile to scrutinize His Budget against the Truth™ and nothing but the Truth™, the Bible. As we examine the main points of Trump’s Budget we shall realize that He must have consulted the Will of Jesus Christ as transmitted in the Holy Bible when He was preparing this document that will remain to serve as a lesson for the infinite future.",Satire
251,315,Rachel Maddow Hiding Out in Cave After Releasing Trump’s 2005 Tax Returns,"Following her tweet releasing President Trump’s 2005 tax returns, MSNBC’s Rachel Maddow retreated to the hills when word got out that the Trump administration planned on tracking her and making a public display out of her going against the White House.",Satire
252,465,Trump disgusted that French copied tower from Paris Las Vegas Hotel,"Paris (dpo) - Scandal takes hold of Donald Trump’s trip to France. On a visit to the capital, the President of the United States became enraged that the French had shamelessly copied the tower of the famous Paris Las Vegas Hotel in Nevada, USA. President Trump explained that he is fighting back against other nations simply appropriating symbols of American culture in this way.",Satire
253,513,"Donald Trump admits to killing puppies, rises 6 points in polls","NEW YORK, NY - The latest controversy involving Republican presidential hopeful Donald Trump has not hurt his status as the race’s frontrunner. Days after Trump admitted to randomly killing puppies, his lead in the polls grew by six points. Much like previous incidents that pundits believed would hurt Trump, the puppy killing affair has only bolstered his standing as an outsider and a non-traditional politician. “Donald has my vote all the way,” said fervent supporter Daniel Gunther of Florence, Missouri. “Any of these other politicians, if they killed a puppy, they’d hide it. They’d hire a PR firm and go on TV and cry about it like a big baby. Hell, I’ll bet Hillary is killing some puppies right now as we speak. But we won’t hear about it because of the liberal media and because she has a staff of hundreds of people who spend all day just covering up for her.” “The puppy killing, that was a hell of a move,” said political analyst Paul Begala. “Politicians have been scared away from the whole dog abuse thing since Lyndon Johnson held up that beagle by its ears. Donald Trump just let the whole world know that he’s not afraid to go where others refuse, and many voters find that to be a refreshing change. Luckily for Donald, Charles Manson is not running for President. Charles’ penchant for not being afraid to speak his mind might resonate with the voters even stronger than Donald’s.” Though it resulted in a spike in his poll numbers, Donald Trump insists that the puppy killing was not a politically motivated stunt. “Look, those puppies had it coming,” said Trump. “They were losers. Don’t get me wrong, there are some good dogs out there, but these were losers. Just crawling around, chewing on toys, peeing and pooping. Not the types of puppies we need to make America great again. So, I fired them. By which I mean, I killed them. And I did a tremendous job.” Other GOP candidates, perhaps fearing reprisal, have largely ignored Trump’s puppy killing. New Jersey governor Chris Christie, however, did step into the fray. “The killing of puppies by Donald Trump was a disgrace, ok?” said Christie. “What was the point? I urge my fellow Americans to put their trust in me as a great leader and as a superior puppy killer. I, for one, would have made sure that those puppies were eaten after they were killed. Even if I had to do it myself. Right there after I killed them. They’re really not bad raw.” For his part, candidate Jeb Bush attempted to cash in on the momentum Trump gained after the incident. “I am one hundred percent against all of this political correctness we have today,” said Bush while glumly poking a labrador retriever with stick. “I have never been afraid of doing what I think is best, including poking this dog with a stick.” However, the labrador quickly grew bored with Jeb’s poking and wandered off, along with the assembled crowd and media.",Satire
254,458,Trump’s Health Deteriorates as White House Pressures Mount,"Washington, D.C. — Washington insiders and health officials close to Donald Trump have raised concerns that the 45th President is showing signs of aggressive aging after only being office for 152 days, 8 hours, 9 minutes and 7 seconds. According to more than one White House aide, all of whom chose to remain anonymous, the 71-year-old leader of the free world has dramatically aged at a breathtaking pace. There are concerns about Trump’s health as the pressures of the presidency take their toll on him. “When he took office, let’s be honest, he was no spring chicken,” said one White House insider who spoke on condition of anonymity, “but it seems like he’s aged a decade or more in just the past few months. Everyone is very concerned about him and even his physician has told him to cut back on his daily tasks. Maybe he should go to Mar-a-Lago more than once a week, you know?” According to aging experts, this is exactly the kind of effect stress and anger have on the human body. “Well just look at him and you can see that he’s not doing well,” said anti-aging specialist and occasional CNN commentator Dr. Saka Ramanathanana. “Obviously this Russian situation and the fact that he hasn’t signed one bill from Congress is weighing on him greatly. At this pace, he will not be able to stay in office much longer unless he takes some aggressive self-care actions.” Even foreign leaders have noticed the effects of the Oval Office on Trump. During a recent meeting with Egyptian President, Mr. Abdel Fattah Al Sisi commented to the President that “he should take it easy.” “Yes, the road to getting control of your country can take years,” said President Fattah Al Sisi in comments he made when questioned about Trump’s health in Cairo. “He’s trying to do too much too fast and it shows. He’s certainly doing all the right things, like marginalizing the press and threatening minorities and all that kind of stuff, but he needs to better pace himself or he won’t gain the control and power he needs to get his agenda done.” The question of President Trump’s health came up during the daily press brief, which Secretary Sean Spicer dismissed as another fabrication of the liberal media. “Look, you guys like to make stories up to fill the news cycle,” said Spicer answer a question from ABC News’ Ann Compton. “The President is working hard for the American people, putting them back to work and strengthening our country. There’s no ‘there, there’ like always.” Despite these health concerns, the President is not letting up. He has scheduled rallies around the country to discuss how well he’s doing, as well as his first campaign fund-raiser next week for the next 2020 Presidential race, which he assumes will be against Hillary Clinton.",Satire
255,258,"Easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle, than for a rich man…? The Case of Donald Trump",Jesus felt He needed to post the following verse on two separate Gospels so it must be True™:,Satire
256,471,Immigrant Children Taking American Kids' Jobs,Thousands of unaccompanied minors who have swarmed across the US border in recent months are beginning to take the jobs of America's boys and girls.,Satire
257,463,Donald Trump nominates son Barron (11) as new FBI director,"Washington (dpo) - Following the shock dismissal of FBI director James Comey, US President Donald Trump has already announced his next surprise: his 11 year old son Barron Trump is to replace Comey and lead the bureau in its fight against crime. This also makes Barron the head of the investigation into his father’s alleged links to Russia. “I have total faith in Barron’s abilities”, explained President Trump at the new director’s official swearing-in ceremony in Washington D.C. “After all, he’s got great genes. He will lead an independent investigation. He won’t make any allowances for his daddy, who, by the way, can cut his pocket money by a couple hundred thousand bucks any time a certain someone feels the need to poke his nose in some place.” Barron Trump is the third member of President Trump’s family to occupy a high-ranking government post, after the President’s daughter Ivanka Trump and son-in-law Jared Kushner. The 11 year old is to be relatively free to carry out his duties independently. According to inside sources, several of his school friends and a Hulk action figure are already tipped for top jobs in the FBI. The FBI’s cryptography department is now due to be converted to specialise exclusively in developing cheats and hacks for difficult computer games. Meanwhile, Barron Trump seems to be taking his new job very seriously. Even before he had been sworn in, the FBI arrested his former maths teacher Karen Saltzman on his instruction. She is being held on charges of murder, cannibalism, weapons trafficking and drug dealing.",Satire
258,499,"Now That President Trump Has Finally Declared War On the LBQT Community, What Minorities Should He Target Next?","Today President Trump finally unveiled his true heart toward the LGBT community by unleashing the’ SN2 mechanism, the classic backside attack, by banning members of the LGBT community from serving in the military.  While some conservative gays were absolutely shocked that Trump would do such things, it should have been patently obvious with his administration picks that President Trump’s idea of ‘Make America Great Again’ hearkens back to his childhood time of the late 1940s to 1950s, where the word gay meant ‘happy’, Jim Crow was the law of the South and women were all June Cleavers standing attention and ready to serve their Ward Cleavers.",Satire
259,516,Hillary Clinton used personal e-mail account to access State Department Candy Crush account,"WASHINGTON, DC - An investigation into State Department emails has found problems with former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton’s improper use of personal email for government business. The investigation has further discovered that Clinton used her personal email to access and take over the State Department’s Candy Crush gaming account. “Every avenue is being explored,” said investigator Walter Sokolowski. “In these dangerous times, it is important for government officials to be held to a higher standard, especially when it comes to matters of national security. It’s a domino effect. First comes  personal email being used for a government game app, then comes personal emails being used for launch codes, military secrets, and X-Box 360 accounts. We must stop the bleeding.” Republicans and conservative media outlets have been fiercely critical of Clinton’s use of personal email to access the State Department Candy Crush account. “This is a breach of the public trust,” said House Speaker John Boehner. “If Hillary Clinton is allowed to do this with the Candy Crush account, what’s stopping Vladamir Putin from being allowed to use a personal email account to link into the governments Farmville 2 account, an account that has thrived into a spectacular farm, producing acres of fresh agriculture every hour. It is, in fact, the only evidence of bipartisan success achieved in Washington DC in the last fifteen years.” Though the outrage is mounting, Hillary Clinton is downplaying the matter. “I lost my old account and didn’t want to start all over on level one,” she explains. “I’d pushed through some really tough levels and I did it all for the American people. Besides, I made no secret of doing it. My login was HillaryClinton2016 and my password was BillisAJerk6969.”",Satire
260,302,Obama to Send Large Shipment of Thoughts and Prayers to Texas Flood Victims,"Houston, TX- Massive flooding this week left at least two dead and millions homeless as the administration scrambles to deploy thoughts and prayers to local governments in coordination with FEMA and other disaster relief agencies. Were just trying to get the thoughts and prayers out as quickly as possible, a spokesperson for the administration said, and if we can get the public to have an equally dedicated campaign to collect Facebook likes for these victims, we can really mitigate the worst of this.  FEMA director Adam Brown told reporters earlier today that retweeting victims posts really helps, please do that as much as possible. This is a serious issue that we cant just swipe left. Reports from the agency had indicated earlier today that upvoting could have some impact, but reacting on Facebook with a wow or, even better, the angry face would most likely be what turns the tide in effective response to this region.  If you want to do literally everything you can to help the victims in Texas, you should like this article, then share this article, then like the one you shared and then comment so that your friends get engaged and then they start tagging people and everyone talks about how much it sucks and everyone posts pictures, said President Obama. Then go relax to your favorite show and have a beer. Youve earned it.  Story update: Victims are now saying they have received too many thoughts and prayers and will have to send some back. Houston has miraculously repaired all damage and now has a surplus of prayers while also lowering the deficit of thoughts..",Satire
261,467,Trump converts White House to run entirely on coal,"Washington (dpo) - That man does nothing by half measures. On Friday President Donald Trump announced the USA’s withdrawal from the Paris climate agreement and today news has already surfaced that the power supply to the White House has been entirely converted to run on fossil fuels. White House spokesperson Sean Spicer announced the conversion at a press conference strewn with billowing smoke. “The President is leading by example,” yelled Spicer over the noise of the generators. Coughing, he continued, “from now on, the White House will run exclusively on the energy of the future.” Central heating and hot water will be heated by coal fired power stations and a miniature lignite fired power station will provide the electricity supply. At times of short supply, 38 diesel generators can provide additional power. Experts believe that the fast growing levels of soot will soon require the White House to be renamed the Gray House. Figures were already available showing that energy consumption at the White House have increased by 200% since Trump took office. According to a statement from the White House, this is because, “the President doesn’t like it too hot or too cold so the central heating and air conditioning system are both permanently running at full capacity”. According to Spicer, the Trump government’s medium term goal is to put in place targeted measures to foster non-renewable energies so that by 2020, all American households are supplied in a similar manner. “Now you’ll have to excuse me”, said Sean Spicer in closing, “I have to go and shovel 73 wheelbarrows of coal for this evening. The President likes to take hot baths.”",Satire
262,277,Trump White House Wins Emmy Award For Best Reality Show,"LOS ANGELES, CA—As experts predicted, the Donald Trump White House took home the prize for Outstanding Reality-Competition Program at the 69th Primetime Emmy Awards Sunday night, handily beating out other shows like The Voice and Top Chef.",Satire
263,300,Trump to Nominate Chris Christie to Supreme Food Court,"TRUMP TOWER  President-Elect Donald J. Trump has reportedly assured NJ Governor Chris Christie that, despite recent reports, he has not been banished from his inner circle, and will nominate the Bridgegate behemoth to the Supreme Food Court.  Mr. Trump decided it would be humorous to have his little Christie Kreme (his new Secret Service name, according to insiders) around, so he created the special position just for him, says Trumps longtime attorney/bankruptcy expert, David Friedman.  In selecting Christie, 54, The Donald will be bringing in a yes, Ill have another man that wont clash with his own oversize, portly ego. I think Mr. Trump wants Christie around just so he can humiliate him, said Trumps chief financial officer, Allen Weisselberg, and he knows hell do whatever he says, whenever he says to do it.  Despite rumblings of a massive falling out between the two, those closest to the president-elect say otherwise.  Jared Kushner, the husband of Trumps daughter Ivanka, said a Christie nomination would be a wise one, and would produce instant results. Mr. Christies transition from the gravy train to the Trump train was seamless, he said. I think he would shake things up and make an enormous impact.  Stephen Miller, who played a crucial role in Trumps campaign, including drafting his acceptance speech at the Republican National Convention, says Christie has a gargantuan-sized heart and is the perfect fit for the new court.  Governor Christie is not only pro-life, but he understands the birthing process better than anyone I know, Miller said, and as far as the 2nd Amendment is concerned, Ive seen that guy conceal a .30-06 in the crease of his back fat. Trust me, theres nothing to worry about. Miller joked that Christie loves and supports the NRA almost as much as KFC. He will step up to the plate, thats for damn sure.  While often referred to as the butterball of the Grand Old Party Sub, it appears Mr. Christies nomination to the Supreme Food Court is already a foregone conclusion.",Satire
264,289,Gretchen Carlson: “The 2nd Amendment Was Written Before Guns Were Invented”,"Gretchen Carlson is renewing her push for an AR-15 ban, firing off a series a tweets further criticizing AR-15. Breitbart News reported that Carlson said that AR-15s are not needed to “hunt or kill deer” and suggested they only serve to enable terrorists to carry out their attacks with greater efficiency. She quoted a December 2015 poll showing majority support for an “assault weapons” ban and said, “I’m with the majority today, taking a stand.”",Satire
265,301,Trump to Limit All Intelligence Briefings to 140-Characters,"TRUMP TOWER  Soon after securing the Republican presidential nomination, business mogul/reality TV star Donald J. Trump swore off any and all assistance from the U.S. intelligence community, stating he did not trust the briefings he was set to receive as the nominee. I wont use them because theyve made such bad decisions, he said at the time.  The Washington Post recently reported that a team of intelligence analysts has been prepared to deliver daily briefings on global developments and security threats to Trump in the two weeks since he won, but hes passed on all but two meetings. Offered daily access to sensitive and classified information from around the globe, the U.S.s incoming leader  who has no governmental or military experience  simply declined, declaring hed rather receive his daily briefings over his favorite social media platform, Twitter.  I like Twitter because it trims off all the fat, Trump told Fox News, if you cant get your point across in 140-characters or less, then it cant be that important anyways.  Trumps team says the president-elect has been focused on the transition and selecting the members of his administrations Cabinet and say he still has plenty of time to get up to speed on international affairs and security threats before he takes office.  The chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, Republican Rep. Devin Nunes, who is also a senior member of Trumps transition team, told the Post that he is not concerned about Trumps Twitter preference.  National security is Donald Trumps No. 1 priority and hes taking it very seriously, Nunes said. Look how many leaders hes met with, how many phone calls hes taken, positions hes filled. So what if he uses Twitterhes getting the job done.  Mr. Trump has tweeted almost two dozen times in the last two days, including a barrage of multi-tweet criticisms of the press, a violent tweetstorm about the popular vote and possible fraud, and his latest proposal; to jail or revoke citizenship of people who burn the American flag.",Satire
266,461,President Trump Pauses to Honor the Victims of 7/11,"Washington, D.C. — This morning, President Donald Trump and Secondary First Lady Melania Trump took time out of their schedules to honor victims of what the president called “one of the worstest, bigliest sad moments in American history.” Standing in front of a convenience store just a few blocks away from the White House, President Trump laid a wreath of flowers and paper coffee cups in front of the store. He solemnly placed his hand over his heart as he asked Melania to get out her smartphone and play “the country song.” Mrs. Trump did as she was asked, and the National Anthem began playing from the phone. After it was finished, Trump gave a few remarks. “You know, when I became president,” Trump began, “everyone said that honoring those who fell on that fateful day 16 years ago would be the toughest and most rewarding experience in the first year of my administration. And they were not wrong.” Trump said he would “never forget” the day the attacks, which were the reason for the ceremony he was holding, took place. “I was watching TV in my Trump Tower apartment,” Trump told those gathered, “and I remember seeing that we had been attacked. Then, and I’ll never forget this, I saw probably sixteen or seventeen thousand Muslims dancing and cheering in the streets! In America! From my balcony, no less!” At one point, it became clear that Trump may have been a bit confused. “The one thing I wasn’t sure of,” Trump said, “was whether it was just the one 7/11 that was attacked, or if it was a coordinated attack. It really bothered me, not knowing, so when I was sworn in, the first thing I did was instruct my staff to gather all the intelligence, all the classified and unclassified information we have on the attacks, and bring it to me so that I could study it.” Trump said he was “surprised and shocked” to find out that none of the intelligence he saw pointed to a Slurpee conspiracy. And none of the information he was provided gave clues to figuring out if a Big Gulp cabal was used, or if the terrorists who perpetrated the attack bought “any of those weird hot dog things they sell there.” “I know what I know, and I know what I saw,” Trump said, “on that day we’ll all never forget. But yet, nothing that I was given had anything to do with 7-11 convenience stores. What the fuck? What is this, some kind of satirical news story just written to justify a joke about how dumb I am in real life, and the satirist ran out of steam halfway through this paragraph and now he’s just literally typing in a stream of consciousness way, just letting whatever dumb shit hits his brain get out there without any filter? Well, in that regard he’d be acting just like me, wouldn’t he? So did he just Inception this shit? Who’s speaking right now? Me, or him? Oh fuck it, I’m going to go in there and buy sixteen rolled taco meat things and jam in them all in my mouth at once because life is a sad, cold, dark void.”",Satire
267,303,Donald Trump Hires ‘Clueless’ Stacey Dash for ‘Negro Outreach Program’,"“She connects with that group,” said Trump, “and she’ll be terrific. Did you see her at the Oscars? She was terrific as the Minority Outreach Director, so we brought her on board. We’re lucky to have her. She’s controversial, but she’s one of the good ones.”",Fake
268,305,NORTH KOREAN SPY GIVES HIMSELF UP AFTER TASTING ICE CREAM FOR FIRST TIME,Guam authorities have arrested Kim Li Sun who is allegedly a spy for the North Korean regime reports the Guam Times this week.,Satire
269,101,Trump Threatens To Cancel Visit To Israel Because “The McDonald’s There Doesn’t Have A Bacon Cheese Big Mac”,"President Donald Trump eats like a 6-foot, 240-pound petulant child – if that irritable youngster had the ability to push a button and make a lackey fetch a Coke. He’s set to embark on his first official trip overseas Friday with pit stops in Saudi Arabia, Israel, Belgium, Italy and the Vatican – something he’s reportedly pouting about, huffing and puffing that the nine-day excursion is far too long. Worse yet: none of the places he’s visiting have a Trump-branded hotel with workers that are duty-bound and practiced at serving him his favorite meals. Trump is a noted lover of fast food: McDonald’s burgers and Kentucky fried chicken are staples. “The Big Macs are great. The Quarter Pounder. It’s great stuff,” he said in a town hall event about his orders from McDonald’s.",Satire
270,128,Hillary Clinton Actually President as Nation Wakes Up From Strange and Twisted Dream,"WASHINGTON—The morning after what had appeared to have been the inauguration of a President Donald Trump Americans across the country began to awake elated to find out it was all just an elaborate, dark and scary dream and that Hillary Clinton was in fact President.",Satire
271,129,Ted Cruz Still Leads Polls for Most Punch-able Face,"CONCORD, NH—Following a strong second place finish to Donald Trump in Iowa  for the GOP Nomination Ted Cruz is still in the lead  in New Hampshire when polling for the candidate with the most punch-able face. Trailing not far behind is Dr. Ben Carson, the retired brain surgeon who is a choice favorite of many who simply want to at the very least shake him firmly to wake him up from his constant state of apparent slumber.",Satire
272,529,Trump Begins Acceptance Speech With Call To Prayer,"New York, NY (2:45 A.M.)–Donald J. Trump was welcomed by a rousing crowd at his campaign headquarters in New York City early this morning, as news of his election spread through the crowd.",Satire
273,340,"Trump.com throwing so many allies Under the Bus, the US now has a Bus Shortage","With the ongoing and most entertaining cyberbully of his greatest ally the AG number, the number of causalities is rising daily.",Satire
274,552,Hillary Clinton Allegedly Used Secret Email Addresses to Cast Spells on Enemies,"As more details emerge surrounding Hillary Clinton’s second personal email address, many are questioning whether the private emails implicate Clinton in a cover-up of several magic spells cast upon her worst enemies. The revelation of the additional account has also raised questions about Clinton’s relationship with Sydney Blumenthal, a longtime advisor and purported wizard.",Satire
275,349,Police Chiefs no longer want liberal Criminal Justice degree graduates as cops,As university graduation season comes to an end many young people are in for a rude awakening. Some employers dont want people with the degrees they have worked for years to earn.,Satire
276,104,Bill O’Reilly: “Companies Under Trump Must Say ‘Merry Christmas’ Or Will Be Forced To “Send Employees To Religious Classes”,"Of all the voices crusading against the so-called “War on Christmas,” perhaps no TV personality has lent their star power to the fight against encroaching secular influence that Fox News host Bill O’Reilly has. On Thursday, the O’Reilly Factor host called out the “companies that kind of marginalized Christmas” this year by failing to use the word in their holiday advertisements and promotions, including Best Buy, Barnes & Noble and Victoria’s Secret. “Those companies are not in the Christmas spirit,” O’Reilly complained. “And that’s bad news for them, because Donald Trump is on the case.”",Fake
277,88,PRESIDENT TRUMP AND CIA TO SOON DEPLOY HIGHLY TRAINED VIGILANTE TO CLEAN UP STREETS OF CHICAGO,"WASHINGTON DC – The violence in Chicago is no joke, the midwest city has among the highest murder rates in the country, with more homicides in 2016 than New York City and Los Angeles combined, there seems to be no end to the carnage. Since taking office, President Donald Trump has been constantly pushed to take action and help Chicago officials to stop the violence. President Trump has now unveiled his plan to end Chicago’s murder epidemic, and its a very intriguing one.",Satire
278,299,GOP APPROVES ABORTION IN DEMOCRATIC DISTRICTS,"WASHINGTON, D.C. (SatireWire.com) — In what they called a historic compromise, Republicans in Congress today said they will no longer oppose abortion in cases where the mother lives in a Democratic district.",Satire
279,460,Russian Space Agency Leaks Flat Earth Photograph,"Moscow, Russia — Late this week, the official Russian news agency TASS accidentally released photograph from Roscosmos which seemed to show that the Earth is flat. The picture was taken during a recent Russian restocking flight for the International Space Station when Cosmonaut Sergei Sokolov was performing a routine spacewalk to examine the fuel storage on the exterior of the vessel. American Astronaut Jim Selves, of Topeka, Kansas photographed the Russian through a portal window. Roscosmos, which is the Russian Space Agency, denied the photograph was real and blamed the American ‘fake news’ media for propagating a false narrative “This another untrue assertion by the American fake media to make the Russian Federation look bad,” said Roscosmos spokeswoman Vetkhany Millbrigt during a press conference early Friday morning. “Although we should remain skeptical about the world around us, I’ve spoken with Cosmonaut Sokolov personally and he has no recollection of any spacewalk or a photograph. The photograph was first circulated by CNN, during The Situation Room hosted by Wolf Blitzer, but was soon picked up by other mainstream media outlets. The popular debunking site Snopes.com has yet to discuss the issue. In the modern era, the availability of communications technology and social media like YouTube, Facebook and Twitter have made it easy for individuals, famous and not, to spread disinformation and attract others to their erroneous ideas. One of the topics that have flourished in this environment is that of the Flat-Earth. The solar eclipse of August 21, 2017, gave rise to numerous YouTube videos purporting to show how the details of the eclipse prove the earth is flat. In 2017, “the Tunisian and Arab scientific and educational world” had a scandal when a Ph.D. student submitted a thesis “declaring Earth to be flat, unmoving, young (only 13,500 years of age), and the center of the universe.” CNN has denied that it is false information and that the photograph was mentioned last year in the infamous dossier which also mentions then-candidate Donald Trump’s run-ins with Russian prostitutes, implying that the flat earth photograph and the yet-to-be-seen ‘pee-pee’ video are somehow linked.",Satire
280,528,"President Trump Promises Muslim Ban Will Bring “Many, many more jobs to ISIS”","WASHINGTON – President Donald Trump addressed the media over his controversial Muslim ban, ensuring that it has been extremely successful and received worldwide praise from many different terrorist organizations. “Late last night ISIS gave me a call and said ‘You’re doing the greatest job,’” President Trump said. “They assured me that thanks to my policies they are going to recruit many, many new members.”",Satire
281,500,"Poor People Don’t Need Blue Cross Insurance, They Only Need True Cross Insurance","As the Senate prepares to repeal ObamaCare and insure 22 million people don’t ‘run up the bill’ trying to take care of their ‘ailments’, America is in a unique position to remind poor people of the nation of one simple fact:  you don’t need Medicaid, Medicare or even Blue Cross, you only need True Cross.",Satire
282,575,Congress Votes To Dismantle The Statue Of Liberty – “Give Me Your Tired And Poor” Is Misleading To Immigrants,The Racket Report – Congress Votes To Dismantle The Statue Of Liberty – “Give Me Your Tired And Poor” Is Misleading To Immigrants.,Satire
283,167,Senator Jeff Sessions urges America to cut ties with foreign land of Hawaii,"WASHINGTON, DC -- On Friday, Alabama senator Jeffrey Beauregard Sessions stormed out of the Senate cafeteria after colleagues laughed when he suddenly started yelling, ""it's imperative that we cut all diplomatic ties with the foreign land of Hawaii.""",Satire
284,5,"Trump’s First 100 Days Have Had Way More Days Than Obama’s First 100 Days, White House Says","White House spokesperson Sean Spicer says Donald Trump’s first 100 days in office contained the largest number of days ever seen in a President’s first 100 days, period. In a fiery press conference in the capital, Spicer hit out at critics who claimed Mr Trump’s first 100 days consisted of only 100 days. “There have been literally thousands of days. Tens of thousands perhaps. These attempts to try and minimise the enormous number of days we’ve seen so far is just shameful and wrong,” he said. Experts have pointed out that Trump’s first 100 days contained exactly the same number of days as Obama’s first 100 days. But Mr Trump labelled those reports as fake news. “Don’t believe what the failing New York Times or the lying CNN tells you. We’ve achieved more days – so many more days – than Obama did in the same time frame. It’s been so tremendous,” he said. “The days have been bigger too. The longest days we’ve seen”. The next 100 days are expected to be even longer.",Satire
285,73,Trump Fulfills Campaign Promise Of Pushing Major Immigration Decision On Someone Else So He Can Watch TV,"WASHINGTON—With the announcement by Attorney General Jeff Sessions that the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program would begin winding down in the next six months, President Donald Trump reportedly fulfilled his long-standing campaign promise Tuesday of finally pushing major immigration decisions onto someone else so he can watch TV. “From the earliest days of his candidacy, Donald Trump vowed to foist large-scale immigration policies onto his underlings so he could lounge around eating snacks and catching up on the cable news shows, and today he made that pledge a reality,” said White House Communications Director Hope Hicks, noting that the millions of Americans around the country who had attended rallies and chanted “pass the buck” had elected Trump to office for this express purpose. “This might not be a decision that pleases the Washington establishment, but it shows voters that when the president says he’s going to make someone else develop policy resolutions so he can flip through a few channels before dozing off in his chair to The Five, he means it.” Hicks added that the administration’s next priority was to make good on the president’s signature promise of indefinitely delaying action on a border wall while he leaves Washington to play golf.",Satire
286,549,Woman Who Regrets Voting for Trump Still Pretty Racist,"Janet Ballard of Poughkeepsie, New York, now wishes she hadn’t voted for President Trump. However, she’s still super racist.",Satire
287,428,President Trump Orders the Execution of Five Turkeys Pardoned by Obama,"WASHINGTON, D.C. – In another sweeping move aimed at undoing the perceived damage done by the Obama administration, President Donald J. Trump signed an executive order on Tuesday directing the Department of Justice to revoke all sixteen Thanksgiving Day turkey pardons issued by the former president during his eight years in office. “After reviewing the decisions made by the previous administration, President Trump has determined that a number of turkey pardons issued by Barack Obama were done so in a manner that was both deceitful and hazardous to the American people,” White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer announced on Tuesday. “This morning, the president once again used his executive powers to see to it that justice is served and that the surviving creatures will be destroyed.” Spicer said very little is known about the true origins of the sixteen turkeys or why they were specifically singled out by former President Barack Obama. “There are a lot of obvious questions we just don’t have the answers to. Were they connected to radical Islamic terrorism? Black Lives Matter extremists? We can’t be sure,” he said. “All we know is they were sentenced to death and Obama took it upon himself to meddle in the independent judicial process.” Of the sixteen turkeys pardoned by Obama, all but five are deceased. “These birds, despite their deaths, will have their pardons revoked posthumously during a ceremony in the Rose Garden,” Secretary Spicer explained. The remaining birds – Tater, Tot, Abe, Honest, and Cheese – are scheduled to be remanded into federal custody on Friday before they are turned over to officials from the Federal Bureau of Prisons who are under orders to execute the turkeys by firing squad. The annual Thanksgiving Day turkey pardon dates back to 1863 when President Abraham Lincoln first granted clemency to his son’s beloved pet turkey which the First Family had intended to feast on for Thanksgiving dinner.",Satire
288,166,"Clinton's travel ban prevents ""rude American tourists"" from traveling abroad","WASHINGTON D.C. -- On Monday, President Hillary Rodham Clinton enacted a sweeping travel ban prohibiting ""rude, obnoxious, entitled and culturally insensitive American citizens"" from traveling abroad - a ban that American allies like the U.K. and France are calling ""miraculous,"" ""kind,"" and ""wildly overdue.""",Satire
289,514,Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump employ cupping for extra boost in campaigns,"WILMINGTON, NC - Following a campaign rally in Wilmington, North Carolina, Republican Presidential candidate Donald Trump turned his back to the crowd and many noticed the large red circles on the back of his neck near his collar. At another rally in Tampa, Florida, supporters of Hillary Clinton noticed similar discolorations. After questions were raised with both campaigns, it has been revealed that both candidates are employing the cupping technique used by Olympic athletes in hopes of boosting their campaigns. The Clinton campaign has been secretive about exactly how much cupping is going on. “Secretary Clinton is entitled to privacy in this matter,” said spokesman Harold Blackmon. “The exact locations and number of suctions have been accounted for, though several may have been deleted through no fault of Mrs. Clinton or her campaign, or her private cupping server. Any further questions can be addressed to Mrs. Clinton when she holds a news conference. Which, will be never.” Hillary Clinton first became aware of cupping several years before the Rio Olympics. “She actually learned about it from her husband,” said former advisor Paul Begala. “He came home one night with red blotches on various parts of his body and he explained to her the benefits of cupping. It turned out that the marks on Bill were actually hickies, but the explanation still took root.” “This cupping thing is turning out to be huge,” said Republican nominee Donald Trump. “It’s even making America win again. In the Olympics. Notice, for the past four years, the USA has not won even one medal in the Olympics. Thanks Obama. But now we are winning again. Thanks to me. And suction cup attachments on the skin. Which are awesome and they look great on me. I am tempted to go shirtless horseback riding with Vladimir Putin to show everyone how great the red circles look on my beautiful orange skin.” When asked how and where he gets the suction cups applied, Trump responded, “There’s a very smart, coherent young man who hangs outside Trump tower. Smart kid. Well spoken kid. Good supporter. He has suction cups. He says he’s gonna use them to climb my building, but for now he’s happy to use them to cup my body.”",Satire
290,165,Betsy Devos blames campus rape on women’s higher education​,"WASHINGTON D.C. -- Betsy Devos, the affluent unemployed conservative donor, made headlines on Wednesday with a personal research paper that argues that the growing epidemic of campus rape plaguing universities across America is ""the  direct result of women's gaining access to higher education.""",Satire
291,389,Trump Wants A Big Military Parade Down Pennsylvania Avenue,So Donald Trump thinks it would be a great idea to have a military parade down Pennsylvania Avenue for the Fourth of July.,Satire
292,306,TRUMP SCIENCE ADVISOR DENIES APOLLO MOON LANDINGS EVER HAPPENED,"Donald Trumps newly appointed science and technology advisor, Yale University professor David Gelernter, has already attracted a barrage of criticism after making controversial statements this week during an exclusive interview with Science Today.",Satire
293,558,Hillary Clinton reveals NCAA Tournament picks to bathroom mirror,"Former presidential candidate Hillary Clinton announced her NCAA Tournament picks last night, running through the 64-team bracket in an exclusive interview with the mirror in the bathroom off of her master bedroom.",Satire
294,266,Jeff Sessions sets Guinness record for number of times 'I don't recall' uttered at U.S. Senate hearing,United States Attorney General Jeff Sessions has made it to the Guinness World Records after uttering “I don’t recall” or variations,Satire
295,77,Clinton Already Working On Follow-Up Book Casting Blame For Failures Of First,"CHAPPAQUA, NY—Saying it would provide a candid account of her experiences writing an unsuccessful tell-all, sources confirmed Thursday that Hillary Clinton is already working on a follow-up book casting blame for the failures of her previous memoir What Happened. “From my agent negotiating that underwhelming deal with Simon & Schuster, to the graphic designer’s lackluster cover art, to my so-called supporters who couldn’t be bothered to drop $17.99 for the hardcover copy—everyone had a hand in undermining my last book’s success,” reads a passage from the introduction to Clinton’s What Also Happened, which repeatedly decries her prior book’s “indecipherable” font and dedicates an entire chapter to lashing out at her copy editor for making her look like “an idiot third-grader.” “I’ll never forget how Amazon buried me and how Barnes & Noble completely sabotaged me by displaying my book way in the back in that no man’s land by the CDs. Frankly, it’s obvious I got screwed on all sides.” Accusing them of stealing her spotlight, the book reportedly concludes with a long list of every other celebrity who published a memoir in the past year.",Satire
296,76,Report: Country That Might Shut Down Because President Wants Big Wall Somehow Considered Best In The World,"WASHINGTON—A new report released Tuesday by the Pew Research Center has found that the country that might completely shut down because the president wants a big wall is somehow considered the best in the world. The study determined that the 241-year-old federal republic, whose entire government may soon cease to function on account of the head of state’s desire for a big, tall, and thick wall stretching all the way from one side of the water to the other side of the water, remains widely viewed as an exemplary nation and the preeminent achievement in democratic governance. The report also revealed that the country continues to be regarded as a paragon of excellence and a refuge for all humanity despite its commander-in-chief risking the loss of billions of dollars in potential revenue and the termination of vital public services because he really, really wants the big concrete wall and wants it now. Researchers confirmed that this nation, which may grind to a halt due to the leader’s demand for a big, giant, cement wall, is absolutely convinced that every other nation should be just like it.",Satire
297,439,America’s bums furious at comparisons to Donald Trump,"Bums across America have lashed out after Lebron James likened them to Donald Trump. After the basketball player criticised the president for one of the many ridiculous things he’s done today, bums have insisted the comparison is unfair. Street resident Chuck Williams told us, “Our lives are hard enough as it is without people thinking we share personality traits with that asshole. “I get that us vagrants get called bums, but really what have we ever done to deserve being put in the same bracket as the septuagenarian Cheeto in the White House? “Sure, I do a little begging every now and again, but at least I’m open about where my money comes from – you can look at my tax returns anytime you like. “But I’ve never complimented the far-right, never grabbed a pussy, never reduced international diplomacy to a playground tantrum, never tried to implement illegal immigration policies, never colluded with a foreign power and never used a national platform to massage my own ego ahead of helping Americans that need assistance. “Surely I should get a pass?"" When asked for comment, Lebron James apologised to bums everywhere, and told reporters, “I shouldn’t have said ‘bum’, I should have said ‘Think-skinned moron’, or ‘idiotic man-child’, or maybe ‘self-publicising imbecile’. “Sorry about that.”",Satire
298,181,President Trump Admits Reason He Banned Transgenders From Serving Is Because He Has Begun Transitioning To a Woman,"President Donald Trump has admitted that the real reason he banned transgenders in the military is because he has begun his transition into a woman, and said he was “scared” he might have to serve in the military.",Satire
299,307,RUSSIAN HACKER SAYS HE REGRETS PUTTING DONALD TRUMP INTO POWER,The former Russian government operative now turned rogue agent these past ten years is presently hiding in Iceland in fear of Russian backlash since his public coming out.,Satire
300,206,"Trump Attacks Buzz Aldrin Back: “It Was All Fake News, There’s No Proof That Man Ever Came Close To The Moon”","In an event at the White House this week, President Donald Trump reignited The National Space Council to help achieve his dream of landing a human on Mars within his first term. The problem was not in reigniting the American strive to achieve planetary travel or even Trump’s inability to understand Buzz Aldrin’s “Toy Story” quite during his speech. The concern many found was that the president seemed to misunderstand what exactly “space” was. “At some point in the future, we’re going to look back and say how did we do it without space?” Trump asked, as if “space” was one of the scientists on the team. Aldrin’s response was obvious and caught on camera.",Satire
301,364,Your Anti-Trump Efforts Are Working,"Hi! I'm writing to you from day 116 of the Trump presidency, a period future historians will refer to as ""Oh God, We're Not Even Through Half A Year Yet?"" My social media feeds are currently dominated by discussion, gossip, and flat-out panic over both Trump's firing of FBI Director James Comey and Trump's leaking of classified information to Russia. A few days earlier everyone was concerned that Trump was going to start a nuclear war with North Korea, and God only knows what the next scandal will be. Maybe Trump cuts trade with Ireland because Kathy Ireland said something mean about him. Anyway, the current mood is ... not optimistic.",Satire
302,474,"Trump Vows, ""Swift and Utter Anihilation"" of Small Island Nation of Mauritius","In an addendum to his address to the United Nations Wednesday, President Trump promised, ""Swift and utter annihilation of Mauritius,"" during a press conference with members of the international media this morning.",Satire
303,426,Hillary Clinton Hospitalized With Exhaustion After Signing Too Many Books,"YONKERS, Ny. – Hillary Clinton was hospitalized with exhaustion on Thursday after the former Secretary of State signed a record-shattering one thousand copies of her new book, What Happened, during a book signing event at a Manhattan area Barnes & Noble. Witnesses say the former Democratic presidential nominee appeared to lose consciousness moments after signing the 1,000th copy of What Happened for a loyal fan. “She stood up like she was about to say something and then she kind of staggered backwards before falling face first into a chest-high stack of books,” Maria Rodriguez, a lifelong Clinton supporter and mother of six, told The New York Times. Clinton, whose bestselling account of why she lost the 2016 presidential election to former reality TV star and billionaire entrepreneur Donald J. Trump has sold more copies in its first week than The Art of the Deal sold in a year, is said to be recovering at Manhattan’s Mount Sinai Hospital. “Mrs. Clinton suffered some minor bruising but we expect her to make a full recovery,” Mount Sinai’s chief medical officer, Dr. Ben Sheldon, told reporters on Thursday. “Rest assured, she’ll be back to signing books in no time.” Sources close to Clinton say that despite her injuries, the former Secretary of State is “readier than ever” to get on with her book tour. “She let her self go a little too hard today,” Clinton’s longtime friend and publicist, Jacob Knot, told Real News Right Now, adding, “It just goes to show how devoted she is to the American people.” In just over a week since its release, What Happened has quickly become the most talked-about publication in American history with tens of thousands turning out daily to catch a glimpse of the former First Lady turned bestselling author. “She’s a total rock star,” said Lee Irving, who, along with hundreds of other ecstatic fans, has attended book signings in multiple states. “When you look at the size of these crowds it’s more than obvious how she won the popular vote.”",Satire
304,89,KIM JONG UN ADMITS HE HASN’T NUKED THE U.S. BECAUSE DENNIS RODMAN LIVES THERE,"NORTH KOREA – In the midst of the ongoing nuclear conflict between America and North Korea, According to reports, Kim Jong-Un reportedly admitted that the only reason he hasn’t nuked the United States yet is because his good friend and former NBA star Dennis Rodman lives here.",Satire
305,148,Trump Dictates Women's Wardrobes!,Trump wants the women who work for him to 'dress like women'.,Satire
306,138,Nobel Committee Awards Hillary Participation Prize,he Nobel Prize Committee today has awarded Hillary Clinton the prestigious Nobel Participation Prize for participating in the 2016 election and for what she WOULD have done had she defeated Donald Trump.,Satire
307,207,"Ryan Bans Women From Appearing Sleeveless In House Of Reps: “Strippers Are Not Welcome Anymore, We Were Elected To Make America God-Fearing Again”","Based on the whims of House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-WI), women attempting to enter the speaker’s lobby have been denied entrance based on their shoulder-baring sleeveless shirts and dresses. According to CBS News, multiple female journalists have reported that they’ve been turned away from the speaker’s lobby due to their bare shoulders – a policy not shared by either the Senate or the White House. The new dress code appears to first have been enforced in May, when, according to the report, Independent Journal Review’s Haley Byrd was kicked out of the lobby for violating the rule. The CBS report details the experiences of another young reporter who was told she couldn’t enter the lobby because of her dress. She improvised by tearing pages from her notebook to create “sleeves” – but was still turned away.",Satire
308,438,"Fire athletes who say USA isn’t great, insists President who says same thing","Donald Trump has suggested dissenting NFL players should be fired, despite winning the Presidency on a campaign of dissension. The President of the United States and dreadful bastard made the statements in a series of Tweets, as per everything. “They’ve gotta go folks, they’ve gotta go,” said Trump, at another pointless rally for cunts. “Anybody who suggests that America isn’t an amazing country or needs improving in any way shouldn’t be holding a high-profile position like that. “I don’t see any irony in saying that while also peddling slogans like “drain the swamp” or “make America great again”, no irony whatsoever, no sir. “Anyway, to business, America sucks right now. Who agrees?” A source close to Trump said, “yeah, yeah, I know. “I’m just kind of weary at this stage, to be honest. Nothing is dreadful anymore because I’m numb to it, as are most of you at this stage, no doubt. “We did ask Donald to read the constitution but he just laughed and told us to shove it up our asses, which again was like water off a duck’s back at this stage. “We all deserve the nuclear holocaust that awaits us, and I welcome it.”",Satire
309,429,Sen. Chuck Grassley Opens Corruption Investigation Into Hillary Clinton,"The democrats are about to pay for their false Trump/Russia narrative.  Democrats know there is no there there, but want their voters to think otherwise.  And they’re right.  59% of democrats believe that Russia actually changed the votes in order for Trump to win.  This just proves they are utter morons because voting machines aren’t connected to the internet.",Satire
310,75,Trump Administration Announces New $20 Bill Design Honoring Harriet Tubman’s Owners,"WASHINGTON—Saying they wished to pay tribute to the legacies of these distinguished, law-abiding Americans, the Trump administration announced Friday that a long anticipated redesign of the $20 bill would honor Harriet Tubman’s owners. “These were patriotic business proprietors who followed the laws of their time to further their economic interests, and this new currency design finally recognizes these enterprising individuals for their success,” said Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin at an afternoon press conference, explaining that the bills commemorating those responsible for enslaving the famed abolitionist, Civil War nurse, and women’s rights activist for the first three decades of her life would be in circulation by 2018. “For too long, we’ve overlooked the achievements of these upstanding citizens and prosperous agriculturalists. The new $20 note, which will feature a portrait of the Brodess family on the front and a depiction of the Maryland plantation they operated on the back, will at last give them their proper place in American history.” Mnuchin then sought to assuage any concerns about the decision, assuring those in attendance that the Trump White House was already looking into ways to preserve Andrew Jackson’s likeness by having it replace Abraham Lincoln on the $5 bill.",Satire
311,74,Kushner Frantically Searching Desk Drawer For Bold Solutions To Today’s Most Pressing Issues,"WASHINGTON—Cursing under his breath as he dug through the assorted documents and folders, Senior Advisor to the President Jared Kushner was frantically searching a desk drawer Wednesday for bold solutions to today’s most pressing issues. “I could have sworn I put my trailblazing approaches to ushering in a new era of prosperity in here somewhere,” said Kushner as he pulled out random sheets of paper and quickly scanned them in hopes some might contain his strategy for bringing the Israeli-Palestinian conflict to a swift, peaceful conclusion or his innovative approach to battling the nation’s opioid epidemic. “Come on, come on. I just saw my visionary infrastructure plan that would create jobs for millions of Americans like a week ago—maybe it’s in the car? Couldn’t hurt to look there at this point.” At press time, Kushner was still unable to locate his notes for dissuading his father-in-law from taking such a soft stance toward neo-Nazism but ultimately decided he wasn’t too excited about that project anyway.",Satire
312,592,BREAKING: President Trump Releases Official Boycott List For October,"President Trump wants his faithful followers to know exactly who his team of boycott hounds think should be listed for the upcoming month. Along with the reliable favorites like Nordstrom and Hamilton, companies and/or organizations acting un-American and resisting Trump’s efforts include the following, according to White House Director of Information and Propaganda Art Trubolls:",Satire
313,352,Steven Seagal on short list for new FBI director,In the weeks after the FBI director was fired there has been speculation as to who will take over as Americas top cop. A White House insider has provided CallTheCops with a tip about one name on the list. Actor and reserve deputy Steven Seagal.,Satire
314,551,‘How Am I Supposed To Explain This To My Children?’ Asks Melania Trump,"It’s been a long and draining election cycle, and I don’t think any of us could have expected the result that we saw today. For many of us with young children, you probably woke up this morning asking yourself, “How am I supposed to explain this to my children?”",Satire
315,356,Report finds Firefighters at risk due to exposure to the chemical Dihydrogen Monoxide,It seems everyday there is a new risk to being a firefighter. Chemicals found on fire scenes and absorbed into turnout gear have been linked to many illness. Now a chemical found in fire hose is raising an alarm.,Satire
316,34,65 Percent of Republicans Believe Black Lives Matter in League With ISIS,"Republicans are not fans of the Black Lives Matter movement, which sprang up a few years ago to protest police violence against the black community. However, it seems some Republicans believe the group is collaborating with America’s enemies. A new poll by Occidental Public Polling said that 65 percent of Republicans believed Black Lives Matter was working with ISIS. The OPP survey interviewed 1,000 Republicans by phone and the internet. These views are not surprising because this is a message constantly repeated on right-wing media. According to The Washington Post, Mike Halstead, a police chief in Surf City, N.C., was fired after he posted this message on his Facebook profile: “This Black Lives Matter group is nothing more than an American born terrorist group brought on by the lie of the hands up don’t shoot during the criminal thug Michael Brown incident.” He also repeated the message on FOX News. FOX News commentators Bill O’Reilly and Sean Hannity have both compared Black Lives Matter to the Ku Klux Klan. However, no Black Lives Matter members have lynched police officers or threatened to blow up their homes.",Satire
317,184,Nuclear option baby-proofed to prevent President Dump Truck from blowing us all up!,"After the president Unpresidentially resorted to rhetoric usually ascribed to lunatic dictators in response to North Korea's typical ""give me money"" antics, the Joint Chiefs of Staff decided that preventative measures needed to be taken.",Satire
318,584,Assange Truth Bomb: Hillary Clinton And ISIS Are Funded By The Same Money,"In the second excerpt from the John Pilger Special, to be exclusively broadcast by RT on Saturday, courtesy of Dartmouth Films, Julian Assange accuses Hillary Clinton of misleading Americans about the true scope of Islamic State’s support from Washington’s Middle East allies.",Satire
319,336,"Obama Tells Trump To Resign, The President’s Response Is Priceless","As liberals and the FAKE NEWS media attempt to put pressure on President Trump by calling him a Nazi despite his administration arresting a record number of white supremacists in a single year thanks to their expert response to the attack in Charlottesville, some of their more prominent figures are attempting to “go for the throat.”",Satire
320,425,White House Says Trump in ‘Frequent’ Contact with Extraterrestrials,"WASHINGTON, D.C. – Since assuming office on January 20, 2017, President Donald J. Trump has periodically exchanged messages with intelligent extraterrestrial life forms who, according to White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders, have provided him with advice and guidance on a multitude of issues ranging from job creation to national security. “They know he’s an excellent negotiator – probably the best our planet has to offer – and that’s why they’ve elected to speak with him,” Secretary Sanders told a handful of reporters during an off-camera briefing on Wednesday. While Sanders could not comment on the extent or frequency of the encounters, she said President Trump is “extremely humbled” to be the first head of state to make contact with alien life. While senior White House officials and even Trump’s immediate family are reportedly barred from attending meetings between the president and his extraterrestrial advisers, sources close to Mr. Trump say the president has hinted that he’s negotiating a deal with the aliens that will make America “better than anyone ever thought possible.” However, due to the secrecy surrounding President Trump’s private encounters with the extraterrestrials, the terms and precise nature of the deal remain unclear. During an interview with Fox News host Shepard Smith, President Trump’s longtime friend and dentist, Dr. Charles H. Brister, DDS, said the president believes he was chosen by the aliens for a reason. “At our last session, [the president] told me how grateful he is to have these beings in his corner, particularly considering how unfairly he’s been treated by the media,” Dr. Brister said, adding, “He’s the only one capable of doing this and he knows it. That’s why the American people elected him.” In a statement released Thursday, White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders said that, despite the implications, President Donald J. Trump has not yet met face-to-face with the allegedly intelligent beings. As to whether Mr. Trump will have his own close encounter of the third kind is, according to the White House, “between the president and his ET counterparts.”",Satire
321,427,Trump Tells Fox News ‘Dishonest Media’ Stole His Wallet During Florida Campaign Rally,"WASHINGTON, D.C. – President Donald J. Trump, in an appearance on Fox News this week, accused a CNN news crew of stealing his wallet during his 2020 presidential campaign rally in Florida last Saturday. “Let me tell you, these people are very dishonest,” the President told Shepard Smith on Tuesday. “They came to me asking for a soundbite and the next thing – the next thing you know, my wallet is gone.” President Trump described the wallet as a brown leather passcase from his own Signature Collection and said at the time of the theft he was carrying it in the right pocket of his sports coat. “These people have their own agenda; they can’t be trusted. You look at CNN and the fake stories they put out, it’s sick what these people will do for ratings,” Trump charged before adding that the Secret Service is spearheading an investigation into the incident. While refusing to elaborate on the nature of the investigation, President Trump told Fox News he has ordered Secret Service Director Joseph Clancy to personally lead the inquiry into his wallet’s whereabouts. “Believe me, this is very, very serious and we’re going to get to the bottom of it,” Trump vowed. “You’re going to start hearing things very soon.” The President went on to say that at the time of the alleged theft, the contents of his wallet included a billfold of approximately five thousand dollars in hundred-dollar bills and a copy of the nuclear launch codes. Sources close to President Trump say he rarely ventures out without his Donald J. Trump Signature Collection passcase wallet. Designed for the discerning entrepreneur, the leather wallet features an emboldened gold logo and comes equipped with a bill compartment, three credit card pockets, and ample storage space. A presidential profile piece published by The New York Times on Wednesday provided a brief description of the high-end wallet, saying it contained “a pocket-sized photograph of Russian president Vladimir Putin and no cash.” Since assuming office just over a month ago, Mr. Trump has embroiled himself in a seemingly endless war with the mainstream media. In a February 17 tweet, the President of the United States announced, “The FAKE NEWS media (failing @nytimes, @NBCNews, @ABC, @CBS, @CNN) is not my enemy, it is the enemy of the American People!” During Saturday’s rally at Orlando Melbourne International Airport, Trump doubled down on attacking the “dishonest media,” telling a crowd of 9,000 enthusiastic supporters that he would “speak the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth.”",Satire
322,555,Protesters demand Colin Kaepernick be allowed to develop CTE,"Protesters gathered outside NFL headquarters in New York City today, chanting and demanding that quarterback Colin Kaepernick be signed by an NFL team so he can sustain massive brain damage.",Satire
323,145,AG Jeff Sessions Kisses Trump's Ass In Public!,"When Attorney General Jeff Sessions refused to answer questions today at the Senate Hearing, he became a traitor to the country.",Satire
324,3,Trump Vows To Protect The US From All Foreign Undocumented Hurricanes,"With the impending threat of Hurricane Irma in the Caribbean, US President Donald Trump has taken a tough stance against tropical storms travelling from south of the border. He used a press conference today to condemn foreign hurricanes travelling to the US. “These hurricanes are a drain to the American taxpayer and they can expect the authorities to keep a very close eye on them.” “When these hurricanes get here, they’re not sending their best. They’re bringing floods, they’re bringing rain, they’re rapists.” Hurricane Irma has been classified as the worst storm in Atlantic history, or as climate change deniers call it: “bad luck”. Meanwhile, the President visited areas affected by Hurricane Harvey, taking a break from his tweet schedule. Both have caused mass damage across the US.",Satire
325,87,TACO BAN: PRESIDENT TRUMP PUSHING FOR THE BAN OF MEXICAN FOOD IN THE U.S.,"WASHINGTON DC – Months after Trump’s “Muslim ban”, prohibiting the travel from a list of middle eastern and African countries that pose a threat to the U.S, It is being reported that Trump is also pushing towards a “Taco ban”.",Satire
326,347,Carly Fiorina surges to 97% support in Iowa polls following Hawkeyes pandering,"Iowa may have lost the 102nd Rose Bowl to Stanford Cardinal, 45-16, but avid Hawkeyes fan Carly Fiorina has plenty to cheer about.",Satire
327,550,This Inspiring Racist Isn’t Getting Distracted By Trump’s Tweets,"Displaying the kind of resolve and focus that pundits at media outlets from the New York Times to Vox.com have advocated, Florida racist Jen Mitchell refuses to let herself be distracted by Donald Trump’s incendiary tweets. In fact, the 43-year-old mother of two has remained steadfast in ignoring the late-night ramblings of the president elect that many have speculated are distracting the public.",Satire
328,519,State Of Emergency Called As Twitter Doubles Chance Of WWIII,"THE Pentagon is calling a state of emergency this morning after social media giant, Twitter, announced it will be doubling the amount of characters users can tweet.",Satire
329,4,Trump Opens Morning Papers To Discover Media Finally Reporting Real News,"April 1: After months of reading fake news from publications such as the New York Times and The Washington Post, Donald Trump was delighted this morning to discover the media was at last covering actual real-world stories. “I read this morning that they’ve had a bumper spaghetti harvest in Italy this year. That’s true. And another article here says that Big Ben is getting a digital clock. That’s true too – I’ve seen it myself. So good”. He said it was about time news outlets put forward the facts. “It’s taken them until the first day of April to do it, but the media is finally reporting real news. Now, I’m off to get a fry-flavoured thick shake from Burger King”.",Satire
330,135,Trump threatens millions of senators with imminent death,"In the latest effort at genocide by President Trump, the worst Republican since Hitler, US Senators may face loss of their subsidized health coverage. Mr. Trump ominously tweeted in a manner reminiscent of Hitler, “If a new HealthCare Bill is not approved quickly, BAILOUTS for Insurance Companies and BAILOUTS for Members of Congress will end very soon!”",Satire
331,179,"Trump Plans To Demolish The Statue of Liberty, Says We No Longer Accept ‘Tired or Poor’","President Trump announced late last night that congress voted 322 to 105 in favor of dismantling the statue of liberty, due to its “misleading statements” engraved on the pedestal.",Satire
332,2,Democrats Unveil 324 Million New Slogans To Appeal To Each U.S. Resident Individually,"WASHINGTON—In an effort to rebrand the struggling party after a poor showing in the 2016 elections and to win over voters ahead of next year’s midterms, the Democratic National Committee on Monday unveiled 324 million new slogans to appeal to each United States resident individually. “We’re going to let Americans know that we’re fighting for each of them specifically with tailored slogans such as ‘A Better Construction Job For Brian’ and ‘Improving Schools For Your 9-Year-Old Twins Chloe And Sara,’” explained DNC chair Tom Perez, adding that the party sought to connect with more Americans by placing the customized slogans on postcards and door-hanger advertisements personally addressed to every inhabitant of the U.S. “From ‘Better Healthcare For Bill Webber’s Diabetes’ to ‘Mallory, We’ll Put That New Addition On Your House,’ to ‘We Can Probably Get You Five Minutes With Mark Ruffalo, Janice Marcott Of Cheyenne, Wyoming,’ our new party slogans have been carefully calibrated to narrowly focus on the issues each particular voter cares about most.” At press time, the DNC had already botched the rollout and sent bumper stickers with “Lowering Child Support For Ted” to all 324 million Americans.",Satire
333,556,Trump administration moves to ban all Indians: “They are taking wins away from hard-working American Leaguers”,White House spokesperson Sarah Huckabee-Sanders announced today that President Trump is set to release an executive order that will ban all Indians from the United States due to the great number of losses being suffered by American League teams.,Satire
334,493,Sean Spicer Vehemently Denies Ever Being Press Secretary,"ALEXANDRIA, VA—Married father-of-two and American citizen Sean Spicer has vehemently denied ever holding the position of White House Press Secretary in a hastily assembled press conference on his front lawn this evening.",Satire
335,369,United States to build wall around D.C.,"In reaction to a long, arduous election cycle filled with finger-pointing, scandals, and plenty of drinking as a coping mechanism, the 50 states wasted no time in deciding to erect a wall around Washington, D.C.",Satire
336,355,War on Christmas named bloodiest war since WWI,"As Christmas season continues in full swing, many people are embracing the Christmas spirit by decorating the house, singing Christmas carols and getting in last-minute shopping. However, behind this jovial spirit lays the hideous and destructive nature that the Christmas media does not want you to know about.",Satire
337,594,BREAKING: Clinton Foundation Shipping Manifest Proves DEADLY Conspiracy Against Trump,"According to the manifest of the seized Clinton Foundation ship, the Chelsea, A terrorist conspiracy was implemented to kill massive amounts of people inside the White House, including President Trump. The manifest showed that table salt from Caledonia had been mixed with cyanide from the Baltic state of Balmora and shipped directly to the white house in pre-packaged shakers.",Satire
338,341,Trump's 'Plumbers' Seek Source of White House Leak,"WEEKEND WHITE HOUSE, BEDMINSTER, N.J. In what appears to be a throwback to the days of Watergate, President Donald Trump has reportedly organized a band of so-called plumbers to investigate serious leaks at the White House. Anonymous confidential informants, all members of the White House staff, reported that the president is so disturbed by incessant leaks that he has ordered attorney general Sessions to head the search. Sessions has told other cabinet members that the leaks cannot continue, and that drastic action will be taken to curtail them. He has threatened to subpoena reporters who may have learned of the leaks from the White House staff.",Satire
339,445,Cops Learn How to Ride Bikes at OWU-Hosted Police Conference,By Ricardo Paye 3191 0,Satire
340,345,Donald Trump’s Long Forgotten Rap Battle with Ted Cruz (Cultural Appropriation?),I wrote this a while ago at TheSpoof.com.,Satire
341,178,Maine Becomes the First State to Legalize Ecstasy,"Maine has been in the news all year for legalizing marijuana for recreational use, and apparently legalizing weed was only the beginning. Following on the heels of the wave of marijuana legalization, some might be surprised to hear that Maine state legislature has decided to legalize the popular street drug Ecstasy. Recreational use of will become fully legal in the state by the end of this year.",Satire
342,531,Satan Drunk Texts Donald Trump After Campaign Victory,"Atlanta, GA (3:00 P.M. EST)–Leaked screenshots from Donald Trump’s phone reveal that Satan, man’s ultimate enemy and part-time barista, drunk texted the president-elect following his libelous claims against Muslims last week.",Satire
343,553,New Bill Requires Women Seeking Abortions to Paint Still Life of Fetus,"In the latest attempt to discourage women from seeking abortions, Republicans have introduced a new bill requiring women to first paint a still life oil portrait of the fetus before consulting with a physician.",Satire
344,168,"In damning text, anti-Semite Steve Bannon says Sean Spicer ""just isn't Master Race material""","WASHINGTON -- On Tuesday, Breitbart Editor Steve Bannon lambasted former Trump spokesman and aspiring actor Sean Spicer via text, telling the Atlantic's Rosie Gray that Spicer's T.V. career is failing because ""he just isn't Master Race material.""",Satire
345,437,Donald Trump tip-off sees Theresa May strike up post-Brexit trade deal with Nambia,"Theresa May will use some of the control Britain will take back from the EU to strike a legendary trade deal with Nambia, it has emerged. As divorce ‘negotiations’ with the EU continue, the British Prime Minister has already begun linking up with big players on the global scene, including an up and coming country somewhere in Africa. “As we stand on the brink of leaving the EU, we are looking to create great trade deals with new partners,” she told reporters ahead of her speech in Florence today. “It didn’t work out quite so well following our recent trip to Japan, admittedly, but with a bit of positive thinking, I’m sure we’ll get over that. There are plenty more fish in the sea, as it were.” She explained, “For example, yesterday Donald Trump accidentally misdialed me instead of his local escort service, which was a bit of luck as while he was on the line he mentioned a prosperous country in Africa called Nambia that is just begging to strike up global deals with leading countries like ours. “Apparently they have offered to supply all of his covfefe, and he has been very impressed with them so far.” Proudly she added, “This is what Brexit is all about – being in control of our own destiny and prosperity. “I’m just waiting for Donald to forward me the email from the wealthy Nambian prince that is running the country and we can get the ball rolling.”",Satire
346,346,Susan Sarandon's vagina: 'I am with Hillary',"Los Angeles, CA — In a startling turn of events, Susan Sarandon’s vagina has gone on record and declared she is throwing her",Satire
347,69,Donald Trump Praises Colonel Sanders for His Service in the Civil War,"Fresh off his gaffe involving President Andrew Jackson and the Civil War, Donald Trump has made yet another historical faux pas regarding the “War of Northern Aggression.” In an interview with The Red Shtick, Trump regaled us with his other thoughts on the war that an angry Jackson totally saw coming. Trump has been struggling to defend his comments — widely deemed preposterous, even by St. Landry Parish educational standards — in which he claimed a man who owned as many as 300 slaves would’ve found a way to prevent the Civil War. “People don’t realize, you know, the Civil War, if you think about it, why?” he told his interviewer, Salena Zito, a host on SiriusXM’s P.O.T.U.S. channel, who spoke to Mr. Trump for an article that was published on Sunday in The Washington Examiner. Mr. Trump followed up on the comment in a tweet on Monday night, arguing that Jackson saw the Civil War coming and would have prevented it had he not died 16 years earlier. The Donald, a member of the Party of Lincoln, elaborated on his recent controversial remarks about how the first Democratic U.S. president, who died 16 years before the Civil War, would have managed to avoid a war the first Republican president could not.Trump, a noted fan of Kentucky Fried Chicken, explained how Col. Sanders took five loaves of Evangeline Maid bread and two chickens, added his secret blend of 11 herbs and spices, and turned these humble ingredients into delicious meals that lasted an entire winter. Speaking to our intern Dave Robicheaux, who is paid in Facebook likes, Trump insisted Col. Harland Sanders, whom he called a “tremendous Civil War hero,” once saved an entire army at Valley Forge from certain starvation. Trump, a noted fan of Kentucky Fried Chicken, explained how Col. Sanders took five loaves of Evangeline Maid bread and two chickens, added his secret blend of 11 herbs and spices, and turned these humble ingredients into delicious meals that lasted an entire winter. Robicheaux attempted to explain to Trump that Col. Sanders was born 25 years after the end of the war, that The Donald seemed to be confusing the food incident with a Biblical story about Jesus feeding the multitudes, and that Valley Forge was neither an encampment nor a battle site during the Civil War. Upon being confronted with these facts, The Donald abruptly ended his interview with us, and he was last seen headed for a Confederate monument removal protest in New Orleans while screaming about fake news. Church’s Chicken and Popeye’s Louisiana Kitchen were unavailable for comment. Incidentally, Trump has promised to deport every worker at those two companies’ restaurants if they don’t share their respective secret recipes with him.",Satire
348,436,Donald Trump invited to visit Planet Earth,"Humanity has issued an official invitation for lunatic hair-man Donald Trump to visit Planet Earth. “I think we have to accept that Donald Trump exists,” said Simon Williams, a representative of Planet Earth. “As such, we should probably try and learn more about him, and offer him the chance to learn more about us.” Mr Trump will be afforded the chance to see normal human beings in their natural surroundings, going about their business, and interacting with each other. Something with which he appears to be unfamiliar. “I think it’s important for him to try and understand that we’re not so different, him and us. Although we don’t communicate by shouting and threatening each other. Well, apart from that pub – The Setting Moon – on the estate in Harlow.” He may even be given the chance to interact with normal human beings. “Yes, well, we’ll need to see how that goes. If we’re confident that he doesn’t intend to grab anyone by the pussy in his traditional primitive greeting, then maybe we could arrange for that to happen. “I just hope actually visiting Planet Earth could give him some much-needed empathy for human beings."" If the trip goes well, Mr Williams has plans for similar invitations. “Well, yes. There’s Vladimir Putin, Theresa May, Recep Erdogan. I think that any of these people actually visiting Planet Earth could only be a helpful thing for all concerned.”",Satire
349,595,Breaking: Conservative Firecracker Tomi Lahren Just Beat The Crap Out Of Sniveling Miley Cyrus,"Tomi Lahren is well known to be a bit short-tempered sometimes, making sure everyone knows that her petite size and adorable appearance doesn’t mean she’s some kind of a pushover. As with most strong conservative women, not only does she shoot with deadly accuracy, she also makes a mean sandwich.",Satire
350,342,Congress Is Preparing to Reject and Replace the Republic,"Congress had so much fun replacing, and reinforcing, then retaining the nation's healthcare system that law makers are considering doing the same for the entire country. The program will be called Wreck, Revise, Resurrect and Rollin' Down the River. It is based on a Clerance Clearwater song of the same name.",Satire
351,180,White House Doctor Report Trump Has Lost Nearly 50% of Vision in Right Eye After Staring at Eclipse,"In a move that nearly everyone called “totally retarded,” President Trump stood out on the White House balcony during the solar eclipse, and stared directly into the sun. White House physician, Dr. Mark Campbell, now reports that Donald Trump has lost nearly 50% of his vision in one eye.",Satire
352,444,"6 Safe Places to Overdose on Heroin in Delaware, Ohio",By Ricardo Paye 37700 17,Satire
353,353,Trump angers paramedics by calling them ambulance drivers in EMS week speech,President Trump is overseas for the 2017 EMS week. But that fact is not what has EMS workers as upset as what Trump said in a recent speech. Trump called paramedics ambulance drivers.,Satire
354,183,Civil War Monuments are uprooting themselves and fleeing the onslaught of the Neo-Nazis,"After the recent Charlottesville massacre many civil war monuments have decided to pack up camp and make a run ahead of the waves of Neo-Nazis. It appears even the blood lust slavers of the Old South can't stand the odor of the new wave of US Neo-Nazis. All over the country they are uprooting themselves and hitching rides on passing trucks heading north to where it is safer.Spokesperson for the Civil War Monuments, the Curator said that ""they had a video hookup of many monuments including Lee, Stonewall Jackson and other Deep South legacy commanders. They all agreed that the threat to their legacy of being a warning about inhumane policies like slavery was at risk"". The monuments are freaked out about Neo-Nazi psychos usurping their memory for their dirty white supremacy agenda. ""sure we had slaves and slaughtered women and children like lame dogs, but we were never as bad as these new breed of psychos"", they collectively lamented. Deep South Monument Shelters are being established as north as possible for escaping monuments to find a friendly landing spot and be among mutual friends. They were offered a hiding place in Washington DC but all categorically refused saying it was just plain too insane in that town and they preferred a quiet park somewhere to live out their legacy days",Satire
355,169,Fact checkers unionize under Clinton administration,"WASHINGTON, D.C. -- Fact checkers thrived during last year's campaign season, with many candidates spewing lies at consistently high rates. Under the reality-based President Hillary Clinton, however, fact checkers have found themselves with nothing to do. Facing pay cuts and mass layoffs, they recently decided to unionize.",Satire
356,146,Donnie's New Business Venture!,Don Jr.s latest excuse for meeting with the Kremlin attorney was to see if he could import Russian babies and sell them in the United States.,Satire
357,554,Jaguars confident that Blake Bortles’ respect for the national anthem will get them into the playoffs,"Jaguars head coach Doug Marrone named Blake Bortles the team’s starting quarterback today, putting a talented roster into the hands of a quarterback who has been one of the league’s worst over the past three seasons.",Satire
358,257,Despite the Constant Negative Press Covfefe” – the True Meaning!,"Glory to Jesus! President Trump has once again approached the sinners with a tremendous message. Praise God! It’s the now famous “covfefe” message that fools (Proverbs 10:21) fail to understand. President Trump, as always, knows what He is doing.",Satire
359,209,Bachmann: “White People Have Suffered More In The Last 8 Years Than Blacks Did During Couple Years Of Slavery”,"On Sunday, ex-Rep. Michelle Bachmann spoke with Breitbart News about the protests outside of a Donald Trump campaign stop in Minneapolis, claiming that the protesters acted violently toward Trump supporters. Bachmann argued that President Obama has “sanctioned” violence, as long it protects the “people favorable to the Obama position, politically.” She insisted that the president is sending “a signal to Donald Trump supporters: Don’t attend Donald Trump events because you could be physically assaulted.” She also linked the Obama administration’s “lawlessness” to the incident in Minneapolis, claiming that Obama has effectively condoned violence against conservatives and white people, leaving “normal” people helpless in the face of anarchy.",Satire
360,557,BREAKING: Donald Trump resigns from presidency to take job as host on Sports Radio 980: The Yakker,"The White House has announced that Donald Trump, the 45th President of the United States, resigned from office this afternoon to accept a job as the drive time host on Sports Radio 980: The Yakker.",Satire
361,583,"Home Depot Founder Vies to Become Official Sponsor of Mexico-America Wall, Endorses Trump","Is there some rule out there we don’t know about that states that founders of major DIY retail chains have to get involved in politics eventually? We saw that the people behind Hobby Lobby were all too eager to jump out of their lane (craft supplies) when the moment arose, and now and it is becoming clear that they learned by watching the founder of Home Depot, who just can’t stay out of the political arena (made in part, presumably, withPremium Birrill Fir Studs).",Satire
362,350,Sale of CopBlock uncertain due to buyers blowing all their money on weed.,Anti-police group CopBlock has put their web site and all business assets up for sale. The pending sale might be treated due to potential buyers spending all their cash on weed.,Satire
363,182,John McCain Says He ‘Accidentally’ Voted No On Healthcare Repeal: ‘My Brain Tumor Got The Best of Me!’,"Senator John McCain shocked the entire country by voting NO on the Obamacare repeal on the Senate floor the other day, but even though he made a wave of new fans from the left, he is now saying he made a mistake, and that his brain tumor is to brain.",Satire
364,593,BREAKING: 2 Democrat Congressmen On ISIS Payroll Arrested For Treason,"ISIS has managed to infiltrate the Halls of Congress, according to a verified source inside the Justice Department. Two US Representatives, both Democrats, have been removed from the building and brought to a “secure facility for enemy combatants.”",Satire
365,7,War on Drugs: Trump Agrees To Put His Name On Ecstasy Tablets To Ensure Its Business Model Fails,"As part of the US Government’s ongoing War on Drugs, US President Donald Trump has generously agreed to lend his name and image to ecstasy tablets to make absolutely certain the associated businesses fail. It follows similar strategies in the steak, water and university industries. Analysts say businesses are seven times more likely to go bankrupt once Trump puts his name to them, and have applauded the President’s gesture of lending his name to help stamp out the illicit trade. “He has a habit of taking flourishing businesses, putting his name on the packaging, and then watching them fail. That’s exactly what we’d like to see with drugs,” a DEA spokesperson said. Mr Trump has also been asked to launch a pharmaceutical brand, to help end the country’s battle with prescription opioids.",Satire
366,280,Trump Selects McGruff The Crime Dog As FBI Director,"WASHINGTON, D.C.—Finally selecting James Comey’s replacement as head of the department, President Donald Trump named McGruff the Crime Dog as FBI Director Wednesday morning.",Satire
367,351,Sean Spicer still fumbling around with childproof cap on bottle,Addressing the press can be a stressful ordealespecially if your names Sean Spicer and your nervous tendencies keep bugging you.,Satire
368,6,Trump Quietly Hides Tax Returns In Western Wall,"In a poignant moment on his Middle East visit, US President Donald Trump took time out to hide his tax returns from the last twenty years in Jerusalem’s holy Western Wall. While some believed he was filing a building application to have the site demolished and replaced with a Trump Hotel, insiders believe it was actually documents from Inland Revenue proving he had paid no tax. Mr Trump placed the folded up pieces of paper into a crack in the wall, before saying a short prayer to himself. Asked about the moment later, Trump said it was a private moment between him and his wall.",Satire
369,497,Trump ‘Very Disappointed’ In Putin For Recommending Michael Flynn,"WASHINGTON, DC—U.S. President Donald Trump has revealed he is “very angry” at Vladimir Putin for personally recommending the now former national security advisor Michael Flynn.",Satire
370,126,Trump Creates 20% Tax On Tweets From Mexico,WASHINGTON—Mexican government officials had no immediate response to a tweet by President Donald Trump signaling he will take executive action to force funding for the US-Mexico Border wall he plans on building.,Satire
371,295,U.S. FISH & WILDLIFE SERIOUSLY CONSIDERING ABUSING ITS POWER,"WASHINGTON, D.C. (SatireWire.com) – Overlooked as scandals swirl around the White House, Justice Department, CIA, EPA, and FBI, the U.S. Fish & Wildlife Service said today it could get up to some pretty abusive shit if that’s what it takes to get a little attention around here.",Satire
372,136,New Comprehensive Investigation Involving Trump,Just In:,Satire
373,37,Trump Wants His Limo To Be Bigger Than Obama’s,"President Donald Trump seems to have an obsession with size. During the presidential campaign he bragged about the size of his hands and manhood. And he also claimed his inauguration crowds were bigger that President Barack Obama. He also griped about the size of his plane. “The president, though, had one gripe, after his visit from the emir of Kuwait on Thursday afternoon. He was very impressed by the emir’s plane but noted that it was longer than his — maybe even by 100 feet,” according to Politico. That hasn’t gone away, according to White House leaker “Orange Throat.” The Business Standard News received an email that claimed Trump wanted to increase the length of “The Beast,” the presidential limo. “Trump is obsessed with trying to do everything better than Obama,” said Orange Throat. “He wanted to make the Beast a few inches longer so he could say his was bigger than Obama’s.” Several White House staffer have admitted the only reason they stay is to stop Trump from carrying out in even crazier plans.",Satire
374,268,"Installation Of Third Floor Zipline Aims To Make Ending White House Career Easier, Funner","Tweet Tower—Members of President Trump’s White House are not enjoying themselves and this is becoming even more apparent when it’s their turn on the old chopping block. Whether staffers leave voluntarily or are forced out, parting Team Trump is such sweet sorrow …well, except the sweet part. This is why Chief of Staff General John Kelly was determined to make leaving the premises quicker and more enjoyable for all involved. He opted to install a zipline that spans 1,287 feet and leads from the Truman Balcony all the way to an open sewer grate on 17th Street.",Satire
375,443,Solar Saloon Will Become Gay Bar,By Ricardo Paye 13068,Satire
376,125,Bernie Sanders Tries Using Sex Appeal To Save Struggling Campaign,"WASHINGTON—After months of campaigning and promising to give away free Healthcare, Education, Social Security, Paid Family Leave, and Childcare Bernie Sanders has begun to run out of things to give away in the heated Democratic Primary Race against former Secretary of State Hilary Clinton.",Satire
377,284,New WikiLeaks Documents Reveal George W. Bush Actually Made Some Of His Own Decisions,"WASHINGTON – It’s only a small insert on page 112,115, but the new files leaked by the infamous website WikiLeaks provide almost undeniable evidence that, during his presidency, George W. Bush did in fact make some important decisions for himself.",Satire
378,495,Even Trump Surprised He Hasn’t Been Impeached Yet,"WASHINGTON, DC—Just hours after revealing highly classified security intelligence to the Russian ambassador and foreign minister, President Donald J. Trump has declared that he is “as surprised as anyone” that he has not been impeached yet.",Satire
379,521,North Korean Family Forced To Cancel Holiday Trip To Florida,"PRESIDENT Donald Trump’s decision to extend his onerous travel ban to countries including North Korea has come as a blow to one Pyongyang family, who were set to go on a long-awaited trip to Florida after saving up their wages for nearly forty years.",Satire
380,36,WH Leaker: Trump Administration is Like ‘Game of Thrones’ With Less Blood,"The Business Standard news has received another leak from White House insider “Orange Throat,” and things seem to be getting desperate for the Trump administration. Trump recently fired White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer and Chief of State Reince Priebus after about six months in office. Orange Throat said the White House is like “‘Game of Thrones’ with less blood.” Trump also reportedly considered firing White House advisor Steve Bannon, when he started getting more praise than him. According to the Washington Post, an unnamed White House insider also compared the ongoing carnage to HBO’s “Game of Thrones.” “Priebus’ final departure was a humiliating coda for what had been a largely demeaning tenure during which he endured regular belittling from rival advisers — and even, at times, the president himself. His exit was described by one Republican strategist as ‘the red wedding,’ a reference to a mass-murder blood bath episode of HBO’s ‘Game of Thrones,’” said the Post.",Satire
381,440,North Korea changes national anthem to Elton John’s ‘Rocket Man’,"North Korea has a new national anthem, and it’s a catchy one, it has emerged today. Second craziest world leader Kim Jong-un announced the change via state-operated news organisation DPRK News this morning. He proclaimed, “Citizens of this glorious country, our national anthem will today be changed to a good little tune I stumbled across, quite by chance and in no way related to a recent speech at the UN, called ‘Rocket Man’. “I have heard some rumours that the people of our glorious land are spreading lies and falsehoods about me. And I feel some of you may have got the wrong impression of me from the mass starvation, suppression of the media and the authoritarian rule and that sort of thing. “Hopefully this will help you understand me better. It’s part of my job, you see, to pour money into our missile programme. “I’m worried that it’s gonna be a long, long time, but I hope that one day you’ll find I’m not the man you think I am at home.” He clarified “Oh, no no no, I AM a rocket man – but I’m actually quite a nice guy, too. “So I hope this anthem will draw us all together as we face the ongoing threats from the unhinged maniac in the White House.” US President Donald Trump has yet to respond to the news, as he is reportedly very busy looking at the footage of his UN speech and counting the number of people present so he can quadruple it before boasting of his ‘crowd size’ on Twitter later today.",Satire
382,35,Trump: Putin Will Be Honored Guest At Inauguration,"President-elect Donald Trump might be having trouble attracting celebrities to his inauguration, but at least one foreign leader will show up, Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin. According to a press release, Trump was excited about the news. “I’m very happy to have Vladimir honor us with his presence,” said Trump. “I’ll make sure the United States and Russia have the best relationship ever.” Trump’s presidential win has been marred by intelligence reports that Russian hackers and propaganda helped sway the election in his favor. A recent report by BuzzFeed detailed an investigation by a former British intelligence agent who claims that the Russians are using sex tapes and financial ties to compromise Trump. Trump’s election might indicate how much power Russia has over the United States. According to ThinkProgress, a recent speech by U.S. Rep. Maxine Waters, which was critical of Trump, was knocked off C-SPAN and replaced by Russia Today, Putin’s propaganda outlet. “The incident occurred six days after the U.S. intelligence community released its declassified intelligence report about Russia’s meddling in the presidential election,” said ThinkProgress writer Aaron Rupar. “A significant portion of it details RT’s efforts to help Donald Trump.”",Satire
383,308,ALIENS MEDDLED WITH U.S. ELECTION CLAIMS CONTROVERSIAL EXPERT,"The famous publisher, producer and TV show host, Giorgio A. Tsoukalos, says he has some irrefutable evidence that an extraterrestrial civilization influenced the American presidential election in order to help Trump win the White House.",Satire
384,281,Pentagon Officials Scramble To Change Nuclear Code From ‘Covfefe’,"WASHINGTON, D.C.—While social media rumors ran wild Wednesday about what President Donald Trump’s accidentally tweeted word “covfefe” meant, Pentagon officials hurriedly changed over hundred of lines of coding in the nuclear missile launch system to remove the word as one of the key passwords to launch a nuclear strike.",Satire
385,325,WHY WON’T YOU JUST LET US PASS A HEALTH CARE BILL AND KILL A FEW MILLION PEOPLE?,"Dear America,",Satire
386,278,Jeff Sessions Wakes Up Next To Severed Horse Head,"WASHINGTON, D.C.—Rising from slumber Friday morning, Attorney General Jeff Sessions noticed blood drenching his bed sheets, and peeled back his bed covers to reveal a freshly severed horse head resting near his feet, inside sources confirmed.",Satire
387,441,Ohio Gov. John Kasich Legalizes Exhumation of Confederate Soldiers Statewide,By Ricardo Paye 69784 69,Satire
388,335,Trump Breaks His Silence On Paul Ryan’s Impeachment Threat,Speaker of the House Paul Ryan confirmed today that his office is preparing Articles of Impeachment against President Trump. Ryan released a statement saying:,Satire
389,241,"If You Own A Million Dollar Mega Church, Is It Okay To Sometimes Turn Away the Poor?",The liberal social media is up in arms because millionaire pastor Joel Osteen initially turned away a few poor Houston flood victims from taking refuge in his 16000 seat megachurch.,Satire
390,33,Buchanan Says Latinos Will Eventually Make Whites Their Servants,"Veteran conservative Pat Buchanan has weighed in on President Donald Trump’s decision to end Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA,) the program that allowed children who were brought to this country illegally work authorization. In an interview with the Patriot Media Sentinel, Buchanan said it was a necessary evil and a way of protecting European Americans’ future. “The Dreamers have to go to protect the future of our children,” he said. “If we let these people take over, our children will end up working as gardeners and maids for them.” Buchanan has penned several books and articles warning about the dire future of America with a majority brown population. According to Right-Wing Watch, conspiracy theorist Josh Bernstein says deporting the Dreamers was necessary for conservatives’ survival. He said Democrats and Dreamers would eventually create a one-party state and target right-wingers. “They would probably start killing people at some point that disagreed with their positions,” said Bernstein. “Is that far-stretched? Does that seem like it’s way out of whack? That I’m a conspiracy theorist type of person? No, I’m not. I just can see the writing on the wall.”",Satire
391,532,Donald Trump: “No Prayer Spaces in Muslim Internment Camps If I’m President.”,"New York, NY (9:00 p.m. EST)–Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump called a press conference on Monday to announce his plans for banning all prayer spaces in the Muslim Internment Camps he plans to install if he is elected President of the United States.",Satire
392,496,Mike Pence Hospitalized After Becoming Trapped In Elevator With Woman,"WASHINGTON, DC—The Vice President of the United States of America is said to be in a “critical condition” in the White House Medical Unit tonight after becoming trapped in an elevator with an unknown woman for almost 20 minutes.",Satire
393,520,USA Declare War On North Korean Declaration Of War Over USA Declaration Of War,THE UNITED States has responded aggressively to an aggressive North Korean response to Donald Trump’s aggressive response to Kim Jong Un’s continued aggression in the Pacific.,Satire
394,309,WOMAN RUNS OVER HER HUSBAND WITH AN SUV AFTER LEARNING HE VOTED FOR TRUMP,"A Californian woman severely injured her husband by hitting him at great speed with her SUV, after he confessed that he had voted for Donald Trump in the last presidential election.",Satire
395,127,Trump Replaces Obamacare With Chance To Win First Aid Kit,WASHINGTON—President Trump’s first executive order on the Affordable Care Act (ACA) also known as Obamacare was to dismantle the health reform law and reverse the progress made of insuring 20 million Americans previously uninsured.,Satire
396,240,God Casts Hurricane Harvey At Texas Because They Voted For Trump,"Southeast Texas is suffering from the effects of Hurricane Harvey, the National Weather Service calling it the worst and most unprecedented storm to hit Texas of all time.",Satire
397,442,"Delaware, Ohio Police Reports Week of June 12, 2017",By Ricardo Paye 3201 0,Satire
398,530,"Trump “Practicing Alphabets” Between Executive Order, Say Senior Staff","Washington D.C. (10:00 A.M. EST)—Addressing the media this morning, White House Spokesperson Sean Spicer confirmed reports that President Trump has recommitted himself to learning the English alphabet between signing executive orders. “The President has worked his way up to ‘R’ and continues to learn new, interesting letters each day for the American people,” said Spicer.",Satire
399,296,CELEBRITY SIGHTING: REX TILLERSON SPOTTED IN ASIA!,"TOKYO (SatireWire.com) – Reclusive CEO-turned-Secretary-of-State Rex Tillerson has been spotted in Asia cozying up with Japanese leaders, according to close friends who say the oil industry heartthrob is there for super-secret meetings. Quel mystérieux!",Satire
400,30,President Trump Fires All 14 Muslim Federal Judges,"Barack Obama managed to pack the federal judiciary with bleeding heart liberals, professional lobbyists for climate change and other science-fiction scams and 15 Moslems, none of whom were born in this country. President Trump had no choice but to fire one of them last month when he ruled that Sharia Law was OK if the defendant is Moslem and reasonably expected to follow his faith or face eternity in hell. You can force a Christian to pay for birth control for indigents and gutter rats but you cant ask a Moslem not to beat his wife? Sounds about right. Today, President Trump very quietly ended the tenure of the Moslem 14  as they have named their little group of Allah worshippers  with an executive order eliminating their benches altogether. White House Propaganda Director Emmanuel Goldstein told Fox News: President Trump doesnt have the authority to remove a federal judge appointed and confirmed by the Senate, but he does have the authority to determine the number of benches in the judiciary per the Evacuation Clause. He reduced that number today by 14. Brilliant. Thats why we voted for President trump and why well vote for him again. Hes waaaaaaay smarter than we are. Well keep you updated on the fate of these Moslems.",Satire
401,134,North Korea responds to Trump rhetoric,"Moments after the tyrannical dictator Donald Trump incited the peaceful nation of North Korea by rattling the ""fire and fury"" saber, the people's democratic North Korean government led by the duly elected and beloved Kim Jong-Un made it known that they were stunned by the unwarranted macroaggression and vowed to respond in kind.",Satire
402,283,"Obama Loses Pickup Game Against Kobe, Takes Out Frustration On White House Staff","WASHINGTON – After taking a beating in a one-on-one game of basketball against Kobe Bryant today, the President shutout every member of the White House Staff in 48 consecutive games of 21.",Satire
403,518,Jared Kushner Registered As ‘Qualified For Job’ In Embarrassing White House Error,FURTHER embarrassment has been heaped on the Trump administration just hours after it was reported that Jared Kushner was registered as ‘female’ on New York State Board’s voting register.,Satire
404,522,Clinton Memoir Leaves Out Part About Being Completely Out Of Touch,"FORMER presidential candidate Hillary Clinton’s much anticipated memoir discussing the US election of 2016 has come in for criticism for leaving out the part where Clinton, 65, accepts she is wildly out of touch, WWN understands.",Satire
405,279,President Trump Unveils Meme War Memorial,"WASHINGTON, D.C.—An emotional President Trump unveiled a new memorial in the nation’s capital Thursday, commemorating the efforts of those who have fought in the Great Meme War which has raged since the beginning of his campaign.",Satire
406,494,Trump Demands Canadian Border Wall After Learning Mexico Not Only Country Adjacent To U.S.,"WASHINGTON, DC(James Ryan Lowe)—Learning that the United States also borders a country to its north, President Donald Trump called for construction of a wall along the U.S.-Canada border.",Satire
407,256,The Biblical Case for Making Trump King,"This may be a bit controversial, but I’ve been looking into the Christian monarchist movement recently, and I’m starting to think we can make a compelling case from Scripture as to why we should have a King. And I’m not talking about the US joining the British Commonwealth (Deuteronomy 17:15) or becoming a constitutional monarchy, but an absolute monarchy.",Satire
408,297,CANCER ENDORSES REPUBLICAN HEALTHCARE PLAN,"WASHINGTON, D.C. (SatireWire.com) – Republicans picked up a major endorsement today as the world’s leading patient-based health related entity – Cancer – came out in favor of their proposed Obamacare replacement plan.",Satire
409,137,President Obama Awards Himself Another Medal,"President Obama awarded himself the prestigious, 'Distinguished Public Service Medal' on Wednesday, January 4th, 2017.",Satire
