,article_id,title,url,text
0,459,Trump Cuts NASA After Discovering Moon Not Made Of Cheese,https://www.ncscooper.com/trump-cuts-nasa-after-discovering-moon-not-made-of-cheese/,"Washington D.C. — Trump Advisers today released official notice that space program NASA is losing all federal funding after the president was told by his second chief of staff, John Kelly in a “frustratingly stupid argument with a simple man” that the moon was not made of cheese like he was told as a young boy. Kelly was brought on July 31st to the White House to bring order and peace to the chaos of the Russian collusion case, and the day to day bumbling about of the new White House staff. With confusing public relations with the Charlottesville protests and his slowly degrading reputation in D.C. Kelly has been having a difficult time keeping up with the latest fire he has been tasked to put out and has been overheard arguing with the president over certain procedures and sometimes silly things like what the moon is made out of. One employee, who wishes to remain anonymous and is working closely with Kelly told us, “The president? I mean he’s alright I guess. [Kelly] thinks he’s a simpleton, has to over-explain everything to him, like a kid you know? I could have sworn I heard the two of them goin’ on about how Santa Claus was a fairy tale and not really a guy in a suit that brings you presents every year. Trump eventually put his fingers in his ears and started yelling ‘fake news’ over and over again so that he couldn’t hear [Kelly] and they both let it go after that.” NASA has been a wonderful, and highly educational factor of American Society since its foundation in 1946. Pushing the boundaries of exploration in the name of science and progress, NASA is currently working on various projects ranging from the Curiosity Mars Rover to the projects the men and women perform on the International Space Station. American Astronauts at the ISS upon learning that they will be coming back home much sooner than expected are going to be missed by their international team, and have this message to give to America, “Citizens of the USA, stand up for your rights now more than ever. The man in charge is not very bright, and while the rest of the world is going to move on he is going to keep you, the United States behind. Don’t let one man ruin generations of hard work. Together, we can achieve more.”"
1,517,Democrats demand to see birth certificate for Donald Trump�s hair,http://www.derfmagazine.com/news/politics/trump-hair-birth-certificate,"WASHINGTON, DC - As momentum grows for a possible White House run, increased scrutiny is being placed on Donald Trump’s hair, and specifically its origin. Upping the rhetoric, Democrats have now called for Donald Trump’s hair to produce a birth certificate for examination. Constitutional scholars are uncertain what impact the hair’s birth certificate would have on a possible presidency. “Our founding fathers were not clear on this subject,” said historian Dennis Kerns. “Many of them had hair of unknown origin, though usually of the powdered wig rather than double comb-over variety.” A representative for Donald Trump’s hair says that all questions will be answered in due time. “This is nothing more than a smear campaign,” said Donald Trump’s hair spokesman Ronald Cole. “Mr. Trump’s hair will not dignify these rumors and false allegations as to its origin by commenting on them in any way.” Mr. Cole was referring to allegations made by a hard core fringe group of Democrats who have come to be known as the “Hairbirther movement.” Members of the movement have made many claims as to the origin of Trump’s hair, including that it is of foreign or extra-terrestrial origin. Others go further and allege that it is the product of a relationship involving bestiality. “If Donald Trump’s hair has nothing to hide, then we urge it to produce a birth certificate,” said prominent Hairbirther Michelle Waxman. “Without actually seeing the paper in front of me, with my own eyes, I am only left to conclude that Donald Trump’s hair is indeed Belgian, marsupial, and at least slightly radioactive.”"
2,262,"Latest Trump-Tweet Orders Dreamers, Trans’, & Lingering Burning Man Participants To Erect Border Wall",http://www.dailydiscord.com/?p=12471,"Nogales, AZ—An angry Tweet from Donald Trump has enslaved thousands of ‘snowflake’ liberals for the single purpose of building his promised border wall. The President told the press today, “I said the Mexicans would pay for the wall and clearly some of the folks we detained this week are pretty brown, really brown people. Sure, some are just tan because we picked them up in the desert, but some started out that pigment. We are working with the people at AncestryDeport.com to sort out the real Americans from the wetbacks. Don’t worry, folks, many brown people will be constructing and/or paying for this wall. When the Feds swept the desert at the close of Burning Man, we picked up a whole bunch of progressive flakey, hipster-types, and that’s when I told AG Sessions, ‘Hold onto those freaks. I have an idea…”"
3,501,"Confirmed: Gays Are Using Father’s Day 2017 To Lure 1,000s of Unsuspecting Dads into the Homosexual Lifestyle",http://christwire.org/2017/06/confirmed-gays-are-using-fathers-day-2017-to/,"If you are planning to visit a national park or fair to celebrate Father’s Day today, beware as multiple sources confirm gays have coordinated an international plan to lure 1,000s of unsuspecting dads into homosexuality."
4,472,Donald Trump Awards Medal of Honor to Himself,http://newsmutiny.com/pages/Trump-Medal.html,"Donald Trump awarded his first Medal of Honor Monday, to himself."
5,267,Trump appoints golf club office cleaner as Health Secretary,http://www.bentspud.com/news/politics/2016/11/20/trump-appoints-golf-club-office-cleaner-as-health-secretary/,"Bedminster, New Jersey — In a move further indicative of how he intends to lead and govern the United States, president-elect"
6,502,Confirmed: Gays Are Using Snapchat’s New Snap Map Location Feature To Hunt Down Straight Men And Turn Them Gay,http://christwire.org/2017/06/confirmed-gays-are-using-snapchats-new-snap-map-location-feature-to-hunt-down-straight-men-and-turn-them-gay/,Moles within the gays community confirm that gays have used their technological prowess to exploit Snapchat’s new Snap Map feature to hunt down straight men and groom them into homosexuality.
7,464,Trump: “Why would I care about the climate? I’ll be dead in 10 years anyway”,http://www.the-postillon.com/2017/06/trump-interview-paris-climate.html#more,"Donald Trump has once again managed to snub the international community. The USA pulling out of the Paris climate agreement rends 20 years of tough negotiations useless. Now, in an exclusive interview with The Postillon, he faces the big questions surrounding this historic move in person."
8,265,Americans appalled by Trump presidency turn to cryonics for escape,http://www.bentspud.com/news/science-technology/2017/06/28/americans-appalled-by-trump-presidency-turn-to-cryonics-for-escape/,More and more Americans embarrassed by the incompetence and disgracefulness of Donald Trump’s presidency have turned to or are seriously considering
9,29,"BREAKING: Bridge Collapse Claims Hillary Clinton, Huma Abedin, 14 Others",http://asamericanasapplepie.org/2017/08/19/breaking-bridge-collapse-claims-hillary-clinton-huma-abedin-14-others/,"The Mulatagrane Bridge in Columbus, New York has been in a state of immediate danger since 2009. It was submitted to the federal government but denied because of a clerical error on the application by the Obama administration. Last night it collapsed, and Obama has now been told that cost him the lives of two of his pals.Hillary Clinton and Huma Abedin were traveling in a 2017 Ford Crown Victoria with two Secret Service agents when the bridge collapsed, sending them into the Nimbolosci river  the fifth strongest current in the world. Their bodies were recovered this morning more than a mile downstream. They had all escaped the vehicle but none escaped the deadly current.President Trump expressed his hopes that everyone but Crooked Hillary made it out alive. The White House hasnt commented since learning the terribl.y good news. Thats just what it is. God works in mysterious ways. Theyve already learned that a van carrying eleven of the other twelve victims was a group of activists on their way to a gay pride march. The final victim was a fugitive from justice wanted for murder.basically, the nation lost two good Secret Service agents today and thats about it. Everything else is just such a bonus, right?"
10,28,BREAKING: Eric Trump Just Saved The Lives Of 13 People,http://asamericanasapplepie.org/2017/07/23/breaking-eric-trump-just-saved-the-lives-of-13-people/,"Eric Trump was on a trip to Australia this morning when his plane, flying low to take in some scenery, came across a giant HELP written in sand on a small island in the middle of nowhere. He instructed his pilot to circle to see if there were people still there.To his surprise, he saw a group of people, now standing on the beach waving their arms, and knew he had to act: I told the pilot to put the plane down so we caould at least give them our food and water and we could wait for a rescue. We had already called in the coordinates and the Australian Navy was on the way.The pilot refused, so I fired him. I took over, since I have a pilots license, and landed the plane in the water about 40 yards offshore. We loaded all of our supplies onto life rafts and made our way to them as the plane sunk under the waves. We were only there for a few hours before a destroyer appeared on the horizon to pick us up. The people were grateful. I was just doing the kind of thing my father would do. The people saved have been invited to spend the weekend at Mar a Lago but as it turns out, they were also headed to Australia on vacation from Somalia, which is one of the countries whose citizens are under extreme vetting processes at the US border. Eric Trump says he wishes them well and hopes once they qualify to enter the country that theyll look him up."
11,473,Navy Launches First Gay Submarine,http://newsmutiny.com/pages/Gay-Submarine.html,The Navy launched its first gay submarine Saturday.
12,263,Mar-a-Texo? Trump Floats Turning Houston Into Giant Golf Course Waterpark,http://www.dailydiscord.com/?p=12444,"Tweet Tower—The Trump Organization is looking to borrow money from the Kremlin to help transform downtown Houston from its current soggy state to a lush and sprawling golf course resort. Many are calling this win, win, unless you happen to own property in an existing water hazard. President Trump pitched the idea to Houston Mayor Sylvester Turner at a ballgame today, during a flood delay. The President believes an elite golf course with this many natural water hazards will attract “some of the best golfers across the globe. The best!”"
13,298,TRUMP VOWS NOT TO DEPORT ILLEGALS WHO RATE 8+,http://www.satirewire.com/content1/?p=6413,"WASHINGTON, D.C. (SatireWire.com) – In what it called a “show of great compassion,” the Trump administration today announced it will allow all female illegal immigrants to stay in the country if they rate an 8 or higher."
14,261,He defends your daughter’s urinal: 7 Reasons why Trumps VP pick will be James Dobson,http://www.landoverbaptist.net/index.php/2016/07/14/he-defends-your-daughters-urinal-7-reasons-why-trumps-vp-pick-will-be-james-dobson/,"1. James Dobson is America’s #1 expert on women’s washrooms, knowing things even I never knew:"
15,103,"Spicer: “Trump Led BREXIT Successfully Because Of His Upper-Class, Eloquent English Skills”",,"During Wednesday’s press briefing, White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer gave a strange response when European Commission President Jean-Claude Junker criticized President Donald Trump’s comprehension of world affairs. Last week, Junker warned that more countries may leave the European Union after Trump’s administration applauded Britain’s departure from the EU. “I think the president is very well steeped in world affairs, especially Europe, NATO, all of the issues,” Spicer insisted. “He was a leader in the effort to call BREXIT, as you know.”"
16,314,Leaked: Fox News Job Description,https://www.suchpolitics.com/the-archives/2017/4/4/leaked-fox-news-job-description,Have You Ever Wondered What it Takes to Work at Fox News? Now You Know!
17,304,Trump: Ben Carson Perfect For HUD Because ‘It Has The Word Urban In It’,http://nationalreport.net/trump-ben-carson-perfect-hud-word-urban/,"NEW YORK, NEW YORK — President-Elect Donald J. Trump has already been raising eyebrows with his cabinet and adviser selections.  Trump tapped Jeff Sessions as his Attorney General when Sessions was deemed too racist for a federal judgeship back in the 1980’s. He’s asked Steve Bannon, an executive for Breitbart News, which frequently publishes white nationalist and white supremacist news under the banner of the “alt-right” movement, to be his Chief Strategist. This week he announced that South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley will be his U.N. ambassador despite having no experience in the State Department, and has reportedly asked Dr. Ben Carson — a chief rival during the Republican primaries — to be his Secretary of Housing and Urban Development (HUD).  At a press conference late Tuesday night, Trump gave some insight into his thinking process in inviting Carson into the role of HUD secretary.  “Well, I mean, you know, he’s um, one of them, isn’t he,” Trump asked rhetorically.  Reporters asked Trump what he meant by “one of them.” The president-elect first just winked back at the reporters. When they didn’t understand what he meant, he tried touching his nose. Exasperated, Mr. Trump finally answered the question in his trademark way.  “Look, he’s one of them, you know what I mean,” Trump said, “you know, his people are into jazz and they have an extra muscle that makes them good sports.”  The press pool was still not quite sure what he meant. Trump tried again to explain to him why he was choosing Dr. Carson for his HUD secretaro.  “It’s got the word urban in it, right,” Trump asked, “and when we think of urban we think of people of a certain…type, right? You know they all smoke marihuana cigarrettes and their women are Jezebels, strong sexual appetites, know what I mean?”  Still, the reporters weren’t quite understanding what Mr. Trump was getting at. He dug in even further.  “C’mon people, follow me here,” Trump implored them, “the job has the word urban in it, he’s an urban. You know, an URBAN. Like, his people are incapable of self-care and sink into lunacy under the burden of freedom.”  Looking puzzled, members of the press pool still couldn’t quite understand what Trump’s meaning was. They pushed for more clarity. Growing ever more flustered, Mr. Trump tried to oblige.  “You know, he could be a minstrel,” Trump offered, “he’s a good song and dance man, get it? Like, he’s not going to go swimming any time soon, no matter how long ago he ate. Get it now? Huh?”  After fifteen more minutes of trying to get the reporters assembled there to understand him, Trump finally gave up. He dug into his pocket, and got out some black shoe polish. He also got out a large rag and started smearing the polish all over his face, except around his eyes and mouth, there he left his trademark orange skin intact. He began singing.  “Everything seems lovely when you start to roam,” Trump sang out, continuing, “The birds are singin’, the day that you stray. But wait until you are further away. Things won’t be so lovely when you’re all alone. Here’s what you’ll keep saying when you’re far from home. Mammy, Mammy. The sun shines east, the sun shines west. I know where the sun shines best.”  The media simply grew quiet, their jaws agape.  “Mammy, my little Mammy,” Trump forged on, “My heartstrings are tangled around Alabammy. I’m comin’, sorry that I made you wait. I’m comin’, hope and trust that I’m not late, oh oh.  Mammy, my little Mammy. I’d walk a million miles for one of your smiles. My Mammy, oh oh.”  No one knew what to do, or what to say. So they just kept taking notes as Trump sang on.  “Mammy, my little Mammy,” Mr. Trump bellowed forth, “The sun shines east, the sun shines west. I know where, I know where the sun shines best. It’s on my Mammy I’m talkin’ about, nobody else’s. My little Mammy. My heartstrings are tangled around Alabammy. Mammy, Mammy, I’m comin’. I, I hope I didn’t make you wait.”  Now, it seemed that trump was building a crescendo. He was clearly ready to bring it all home. The reporters still just watched in stunned amazement.  “Mammy, Mammy, I’m comin’,” Trump sang, “Oh God I, I hope I’m not late. Mammy look at me. Don’t you know me? I’m your little baby. I’d walk a million miles for one of your smiles  My Mammy!”  A report from NPR shows that Trump lost the popular vote by a margin of two million votes to Democrat Hillary Rodham Clinton."
18,466,Peace offering? Trump sends Comey a delicious cake shortly prior to hearing,http://www.the-postillon.com/2017/06/peace-offering-from-trump.html#more,"Washington (dpo) - A gesture of reconciliation – a short while before former FBI Director James Comey’s hearing, a courier arrived for him with a tasty chocolate cake from US President Donald Trump. The cake was beautifully decorated using green sprinkles with a chemical aroma. Comey’s secretary Amber Smith confirmed the cake had been received, along with a short note from the President. The note reads: A token of my appreciation for your tireless fight for justice and a sign of my respect for you. You should eat it before your hearing today; it’ll be great fuel. For optimum results, at least 60 min beforehand so you don’t feel bloated at a crucial moment. Best wishes, Donald Trump (tehehe) According to Smith, it is uncertain exactly what kind of cake this is. “It appears to be a chocolate cake but I have no idea what the green sprinkles are made of. Perhaps they’re pistachio or mint flavour.” Smith continued, explaining that, unfortunately, Mr Comey was unable to eat the cake. He was very pleased to receive such a lovely gift but, “just as he was about to cut himself a piece, he suddenly spotted three dead flies lying on it so he had to throw it away. It’s a shame about the chocolate, though.”"
19,470,Iraq War Veteran Dies Trying to Protect Buffet Ice Cream Machine from Obese Woman,http://newsmutiny.com/pages/Local/VetsLastStand.htm,"Home just eight weeks after being wounded during his second tour in Iraq, Javier Rodriguez of Macon, Georgia died in a valiant attempt to protect the financial solvency of his new employer from the gluttony of an overweight customer when he inserted himself between the soft serve ice cream machine at a Country House Buffet restaurant and a four hundred pound woman Thursday afternoon."
20,462,New White House Communication Director Caught with His Hand in a Mooch,https://www.ncscooper.com/new-white-house-communication-director-caught-with-his-hand-in-a-mooch/,"Air Force One — A White House pool photograph snapped a controversial picture of staffers on a flight to a campaign-style Trump rally in Wisconsin earlier this week. Trump Communication Director Anthony “The Mooch” Scaramucci was photographed grabbing a quick feel up newly appointed Press Secretary’s Sarah Huckabee Sanders dress. “I don’t even think he was aware he was doing it,” said Associated Press pool photographer Heather Kendall who snapped the unfortunate picture. “I mean, they were huddled on a small couch in the plane’s executive lounge and I said ‘hold it’ and they all posed. But as soon as I said that, Scaramucci shoved his hand up Secretary Huckabee’s dress and grabbed her by, well, you know.” Anthony Scaramucci has been criticized for not only mimicking President Trump in his mannerisms but also copying Mr. Trump’s words verbatim. In fact, the new Communications Director seems to parrot the President’s speeches frequently when being interviewed by the media. However, some say this latest foul is taking “being Trump” over the line. The picture sent outrage through the liberal blogs and triggered many anti-Trump protests. “What the $#@! [redacted] is going on,” said 38-year-old Lucille Easton of Seattle, Washington in a Facebook post. “How can these people get away with this kind of crap? I mean, they’re not just talking about it, they’re doing it right in front of the cameras now. This is totally disgusting and offensive.” When asked about the photograph during the daily press brief, Secretary Huckabee Sanders downplayed what is now being called “Gabbing by the Mooch.” “This is totally been blown out of proportion,” said Ms. Huckabee Sanders taking a question from ABC News. “The media likes to blow things up like this. Clearly, it’s not what you are saying. Mr. Scaramucci is just a little grabby, like most men. Locker room stuff and there was nothing improper about what he did. He does it all the time. He did the other day to Kellyanne and she loved the attention.” There has been no comment from the President. When asked during a ceremony today honoring Confederate losses during the Civil War, the President said, “Could you be any ruder interrupting this?”"
21,498,Brexit: England Plans to Leave the EU and Become America’s 51st State,http://christwire.org/2016/06/brexit-england-plans-to-leave-the-eu-and-become-americas-51st-state/,"New insider reports reveal that England is planning to leave the European Union and become the 51st state.  In a secret deal brokered by the Obama Adminstration and Parliament members loyal to rule by the Royal Family, the United Kingdom is to soon leave the European Union and consider making the United States dollar the standard currency for the nation."
22,259,Trump’s Budget: A Biblical Assessment,http://www.landoverbaptist.net/index.php/2017/03/19/trumps-budget-a-biblical-assessment/,"Glory! Our President Mr. Donald Trump, the Best Friend of Jesus and President Putin, has released His plans to rectify and cure the Nation’s Economy. Of course, no True Christian™ would ever doubt His goodwill and Spiritual Purity when it comes to economics, but it is still worthwhile to scrutinize His Budget against the Truth™ and nothing but the Truth™, the Bible. As we examine the main points of Trump’s Budget we shall realize that He must have consulted the Will of Jesus Christ as transmitted in the Holy Bible when He was preparing this document that will remain to serve as a lesson for the infinite future."
23,315,Rachel Maddow Hiding Out in Cave After Releasing Trump’s 2005 Tax Returns,https://www.suchpolitics.com/the-archives/2017/3/16/rachel-maddow-hiding-out-in-cave-after-releasing-trumps-2005-tax-returns,"Following her tweet releasing President Trump’s 2005 tax returns, MSNBC’s Rachel Maddow retreated to the hills when word got out that the Trump administration planned on tracking her and making a public display out of her going against the White House."
24,465,Trump disgusted that French copied tower from Paris Las Vegas Hotel,http://www.the-postillon.com/2017/07/trump-disgusted-about-french-copy.html#more,"Paris (dpo) - Scandal takes hold of Donald Trump’s trip to France. On a visit to the capital, the President of the United States became enraged that the French had shamelessly copied the tower of the famous Paris Las Vegas Hotel in Nevada, USA. President Trump explained that he is fighting back against other nations simply appropriating symbols of American culture in this way."
25,513,"Donald Trump admits to killing puppies, rises 6 points in polls",http://www.derfmagazine.com/news/politics/donald-trump-killing-puppies,"NEW YORK, NY - The latest controversy involving Republican presidential hopeful Donald Trump has not hurt his status as the race’s frontrunner. Days after Trump admitted to randomly killing puppies, his lead in the polls grew by six points. Much like previous incidents that pundits believed would hurt Trump, the puppy killing affair has only bolstered his standing as an outsider and a non-traditional politician. “Donald has my vote all the way,” said fervent supporter Daniel Gunther of Florence, Missouri. “Any of these other politicians, if they killed a puppy, they’d hide it. They’d hire a PR firm and go on TV and cry about it like a big baby. Hell, I’ll bet Hillary is killing some puppies right now as we speak. But we won’t hear about it because of the liberal media and because she has a staff of hundreds of people who spend all day just covering up for her.” “The puppy killing, that was a hell of a move,” said political analyst Paul Begala. “Politicians have been scared away from the whole dog abuse thing since Lyndon Johnson held up that beagle by its ears. Donald Trump just let the whole world know that he’s not afraid to go where others refuse, and many voters find that to be a refreshing change. Luckily for Donald, Charles Manson is not running for President. Charles’ penchant for not being afraid to speak his mind might resonate with the voters even stronger than Donald’s.” Though it resulted in a spike in his poll numbers, Donald Trump insists that the puppy killing was not a politically motivated stunt. “Look, those puppies had it coming,” said Trump. “They were losers. Don’t get me wrong, there are some good dogs out there, but these were losers. Just crawling around, chewing on toys, peeing and pooping. Not the types of puppies we need to make America great again. So, I fired them. By which I mean, I killed them. And I did a tremendous job.” Other GOP candidates, perhaps fearing reprisal, have largely ignored Trump’s puppy killing. New Jersey governor Chris Christie, however, did step into the fray. “The killing of puppies by Donald Trump was a disgrace, ok?” said Christie. “What was the point? I urge my fellow Americans to put their trust in me as a great leader and as a superior puppy killer. I, for one, would have made sure that those puppies were eaten after they were killed. Even if I had to do it myself. Right there after I killed them. They’re really not bad raw.” For his part, candidate Jeb Bush attempted to cash in on the momentum Trump gained after the incident. “I am one hundred percent against all of this political correctness we have today,” said Bush while glumly poking a labrador retriever with stick. “I have never been afraid of doing what I think is best, including poking this dog with a stick.” However, the labrador quickly grew bored with Jeb’s poking and wandered off, along with the assembled crowd and media."
26,458,Trump’s Health Deteriorates as White House Pressures Mount,https://www.ncscooper.com/trumps-health-deteriorates-as-white-house-pressures-mount/,"Washington, D.C. — Washington insiders and health officials close to Donald Trump have raised concerns that the 45th President is showing signs of aggressive aging after only being office for 152 days, 8 hours, 9 minutes and 7 seconds. According to more than one White House aide, all of whom chose to remain anonymous, the 71-year-old leader of the free world has dramatically aged at a breathtaking pace. There are concerns about Trump’s health as the pressures of the presidency take their toll on him. “When he took office, let’s be honest, he was no spring chicken,” said one White House insider who spoke on condition of anonymity, “but it seems like he’s aged a decade or more in just the past few months. Everyone is very concerned about him and even his physician has told him to cut back on his daily tasks. Maybe he should go to Mar-a-Lago more than once a week, you know?” According to aging experts, this is exactly the kind of effect stress and anger have on the human body. “Well just look at him and you can see that he’s not doing well,” said anti-aging specialist and occasional CNN commentator Dr. Saka Ramanathanana. “Obviously this Russian situation and the fact that he hasn’t signed one bill from Congress is weighing on him greatly. At this pace, he will not be able to stay in office much longer unless he takes some aggressive self-care actions.” Even foreign leaders have noticed the effects of the Oval Office on Trump. During a recent meeting with Egyptian President, Mr. Abdel Fattah Al Sisi commented to the President that “he should take it easy.” “Yes, the road to getting control of your country can take years,” said President Fattah Al Sisi in comments he made when questioned about Trump’s health in Cairo. “He’s trying to do too much too fast and it shows. He’s certainly doing all the right things, like marginalizing the press and threatening minorities and all that kind of stuff, but he needs to better pace himself or he won’t gain the control and power he needs to get his agenda done.” The question of President Trump’s health came up during the daily press brief, which Secretary Sean Spicer dismissed as another fabrication of the liberal media. “Look, you guys like to make stories up to fill the news cycle,” said Spicer answer a question from ABC News’ Ann Compton. “The President is working hard for the American people, putting them back to work and strengthening our country. There’s no ‘there, there’ like always.” Despite these health concerns, the President is not letting up. He has scheduled rallies around the country to discuss how well he’s doing, as well as his first campaign fund-raiser next week for the next 2020 Presidential race, which he assumes will be against Hillary Clinton."
27,258,"Easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle, than for a rich man…? The Case of Donald Trump",http://www.landoverbaptist.net/index.php/2017/03/26/easier-for-a-camel-to-go-through-the-eye-of-a-needle-than-for-a-rich-man-the-case-of-donald-trump/,Jesus felt He needed to post the following verse on two separate Gospels so it must be True™:
28,471,Immigrant Children Taking American Kids' Jobs,http://newsmutiny.com/pages/Immigrant-Kids-Jobs.html,Thousands of unaccompanied minors who have swarmed across the US border in recent months are beginning to take the jobs of America's boys and girls.
29,463,Donald Trump nominates son Barron (11) as new FBI director,http://www.the-postillon.com/2017/05/barron-fbi.html#more,"Washington (dpo) - Following the shock dismissal of FBI director James Comey, US President Donald Trump has already announced his next surprise: his 11 year old son Barron Trump is to replace Comey and lead the bureau in its fight against crime. This also makes Barron the head of the investigation into his father’s alleged links to Russia. “I have total faith in Barron’s abilities”, explained President Trump at the new director’s official swearing-in ceremony in Washington D.C. “After all, he’s got great genes. He will lead an independent investigation. He won’t make any allowances for his daddy, who, by the way, can cut his pocket money by a couple hundred thousand bucks any time a certain someone feels the need to poke his nose in some place.” Barron Trump is the third member of President Trump’s family to occupy a high-ranking government post, after the President’s daughter Ivanka Trump and son-in-law Jared Kushner. The 11 year old is to be relatively free to carry out his duties independently. According to inside sources, several of his school friends and a Hulk action figure are already tipped for top jobs in the FBI. The FBI’s cryptography department is now due to be converted to specialise exclusively in developing cheats and hacks for difficult computer games. Meanwhile, Barron Trump seems to be taking his new job very seriously. Even before he had been sworn in, the FBI arrested his former maths teacher Karen Saltzman on his instruction. She is being held on charges of murder, cannibalism, weapons trafficking and drug dealing."
30,499,"Now That President Trump Has Finally Declared War On the LBQT Community, What Minorities Should He Target Next?",http://christwire.org/2017/07/president-trump-officially-declares-war-on-lbqt-community-starts-military-ban/,"Today President Trump finally unveiled his true heart toward the LGBT community by unleashing the’ SN2 mechanism, the classic backside attack, by banning members of the LGBT community from serving in the military.  While some conservative gays were absolutely shocked that Trump would do such things, it should have been patently obvious with his administration picks that President Trump’s idea of ‘Make America Great Again’ hearkens back to his childhood time of the late 1940s to 1950s, where the word gay meant ‘happy’, Jim Crow was the law of the South and women were all June Cleavers standing attention and ready to serve their Ward Cleavers."
31,516,Hillary Clinton used personal e-mail account to access State Department Candy Crush account,http://www.derfmagazine.com/news/politics/hillary-clinton-email-candy-crush,"WASHINGTON, DC - An investigation into State Department emails has found problems with former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton’s improper use of personal email for government business. The investigation has further discovered that Clinton used her personal email to access and take over the State Department’s Candy Crush gaming account. “Every avenue is being explored,” said investigator Walter Sokolowski. “In these dangerous times, it is important for government officials to be held to a higher standard, especially when it comes to matters of national security. It’s a domino effect. First comes  personal email being used for a government game app, then comes personal emails being used for launch codes, military secrets, and X-Box 360 accounts. We must stop the bleeding.” Republicans and conservative media outlets have been fiercely critical of Clinton’s use of personal email to access the State Department Candy Crush account. “This is a breach of the public trust,” said House Speaker John Boehner. “If Hillary Clinton is allowed to do this with the Candy Crush account, what’s stopping Vladamir Putin from being allowed to use a personal email account to link into the governments Farmville 2 account, an account that has thrived into a spectacular farm, producing acres of fresh agriculture every hour. It is, in fact, the only evidence of bipartisan success achieved in Washington DC in the last fifteen years.” Though the outrage is mounting, Hillary Clinton is downplaying the matter. “I lost my old account and didn’t want to start all over on level one,” she explains. “I’d pushed through some really tough levels and I did it all for the American people. Besides, I made no secret of doing it. My login was HillaryClinton2016 and my password was BillisAJerk6969.”"
32,302,Obama to Send Large Shipment of Thoughts and Prayers to Texas Flood Victims,http://nationalreport.net/obama-to-send-large-shipment-of-thoughts-and-prayers-to-texas-flood-victims/,"Houston, TX- Massive flooding this week left at least two dead and millions homeless as the administration scrambles to deploy thoughts and prayers to local governments in coordination with FEMA and other disaster relief agencies. Were just trying to get the thoughts and prayers out as quickly as possible, a spokesperson for the administration said, and if we can get the public to have an equally dedicated campaign to collect Facebook likes for these victims, we can really mitigate the worst of this.  FEMA director Adam Brown told reporters earlier today that retweeting victims posts really helps, please do that as much as possible. This is a serious issue that we cant just swipe left. Reports from the agency had indicated earlier today that upvoting could have some impact, but reacting on Facebook with a wow or, even better, the angry face would most likely be what turns the tide in effective response to this region.  If you want to do literally everything you can to help the victims in Texas, you should like this article, then share this article, then like the one you shared and then comment so that your friends get engaged and then they start tagging people and everyone talks about how much it sucks and everyone posts pictures, said President Obama. Then go relax to your favorite show and have a beer. Youve earned it.  Story update: Victims are now saying they have received too many thoughts and prayers and will have to send some back. Houston has miraculously repaired all damage and now has a surplus of prayers while also lowering the deficit of thoughts.."
33,467,Trump converts White House to run entirely on coal,http://www.the-postillon.com/2017/06/white-house-to-run-on-coal.html#more,"Washington (dpo) - That man does nothing by half measures. On Friday President Donald Trump announced the USA’s withdrawal from the Paris climate agreement and today news has already surfaced that the power supply to the White House has been entirely converted to run on fossil fuels. White House spokesperson Sean Spicer announced the conversion at a press conference strewn with billowing smoke. “The President is leading by example,” yelled Spicer over the noise of the generators. Coughing, he continued, “from now on, the White House will run exclusively on the energy of the future.” Central heating and hot water will be heated by coal fired power stations and a miniature lignite fired power station will provide the electricity supply. At times of short supply, 38 diesel generators can provide additional power. Experts believe that the fast growing levels of soot will soon require the White House to be renamed the Gray House. Figures were already available showing that energy consumption at the White House have increased by 200% since Trump took office. According to a statement from the White House, this is because, “the President doesn’t like it too hot or too cold so the central heating and air conditioning system are both permanently running at full capacity”. According to Spicer, the Trump government’s medium term goal is to put in place targeted measures to foster non-renewable energies so that by 2020, all American households are supplied in a similar manner. “Now you’ll have to excuse me”, said Sean Spicer in closing, “I have to go and shovel 73 wheelbarrows of coal for this evening. The President likes to take hot baths.”"
34,277,Trump White House Wins Emmy Award For Best Reality Show,http://babylonbee.com/news/trump-white-house-wins-emmy-award-best-reality-show/,"LOS ANGELES, CA—As experts predicted, the Donald Trump White House took home the prize for Outstanding Reality-Competition Program at the 69th Primetime Emmy Awards Sunday night, handily beating out other shows like The Voice and Top Chef."
35,300,Trump to Nominate Chris Christie to Supreme Food Court,http://nationalreport.net/trump-to-nominate-chris-christie-to-supreme-food-court/,"TRUMP TOWER  President-Elect Donald J. Trump has reportedly assured NJ Governor Chris Christie that, despite recent reports, he has not been banished from his inner circle, and will nominate the Bridgegate behemoth to the Supreme Food Court.  Mr. Trump decided it would be humorous to have his little Christie Kreme (his new Secret Service name, according to insiders) around, so he created the special position just for him, says Trumps longtime attorney/bankruptcy expert, David Friedman.  In selecting Christie, 54, The Donald will be bringing in a yes, Ill have another man that wont clash with his own oversize, portly ego. I think Mr. Trump wants Christie around just so he can humiliate him, said Trumps chief financial officer, Allen Weisselberg, and he knows hell do whatever he says, whenever he says to do it.  Despite rumblings of a massive falling out between the two, those closest to the president-elect say otherwise.  Jared Kushner, the husband of Trumps daughter Ivanka, said a Christie nomination would be a wise one, and would produce instant results. Mr. Christies transition from the gravy train to the Trump train was seamless, he said. I think he would shake things up and make an enormous impact.  Stephen Miller, who played a crucial role in Trumps campaign, including drafting his acceptance speech at the Republican National Convention, says Christie has a gargantuan-sized heart and is the perfect fit for the new court.  Governor Christie is not only pro-life, but he understands the birthing process better than anyone I know, Miller said, and as far as the 2nd Amendment is concerned, Ive seen that guy conceal a .30-06 in the crease of his back fat. Trust me, theres nothing to worry about. Miller joked that Christie loves and supports the NRA almost as much as KFC. He will step up to the plate, thats for damn sure.  While often referred to as the butterball of the Grand Old Party Sub, it appears Mr. Christies nomination to the Supreme Food Court is already a foregone conclusion."
36,289,Gretchen Carlson: “The 2nd Amendment Was Written Before Guns Were Invented”,http://therightists.com/gretchen-carlson-the-2nd-amendment-was-written-before-guns-were-invented/,"Gretchen Carlson is renewing her push for an AR-15 ban, firing off a series a tweets further criticizing AR-15. Breitbart News reported that Carlson said that AR-15s are not needed to “hunt or kill deer” and suggested they only serve to enable terrorists to carry out their attacks with greater efficiency. She quoted a December 2015 poll showing majority support for an “assault weapons” ban and said, “I’m with the majority today, taking a stand.”"
37,301,Trump to Limit All Intelligence Briefings to 140-Characters,http://nationalreport.net/trump-to-limit-all-intelligence-briefings-to-140-characters/,"TRUMP TOWER  Soon after securing the Republican presidential nomination, business mogul/reality TV star Donald J. Trump swore off any and all assistance from the U.S. intelligence community, stating he did not trust the briefings he was set to receive as the nominee. I wont use them because theyve made such bad decisions, he said at the time.  The Washington Post recently reported that a team of intelligence analysts has been prepared to deliver daily briefings on global developments and security threats to Trump in the two weeks since he won, but hes passed on all but two meetings. Offered daily access to sensitive and classified information from around the globe, the U.S.s incoming leader  who has no governmental or military experience  simply declined, declaring hed rather receive his daily briefings over his favorite social media platform, Twitter.  I like Twitter because it trims off all the fat, Trump told Fox News, if you cant get your point across in 140-characters or less, then it cant be that important anyways.  Trumps team says the president-elect has been focused on the transition and selecting the members of his administrations Cabinet and say he still has plenty of time to get up to speed on international affairs and security threats before he takes office.  The chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, Republican Rep. Devin Nunes, who is also a senior member of Trumps transition team, told the Post that he is not concerned about Trumps Twitter preference.  National security is Donald Trumps No. 1 priority and hes taking it very seriously, Nunes said. Look how many leaders hes met with, how many phone calls hes taken, positions hes filled. So what if he uses Twitterhes getting the job done.  Mr. Trump has tweeted almost two dozen times in the last two days, including a barrage of multi-tweet criticisms of the press, a violent tweetstorm about the popular vote and possible fraud, and his latest proposal; to jail or revoke citizenship of people who burn the American flag."
38,461,President Trump Pauses to Honor the Victims of 7/11,https://www.ncscooper.com/president-trump-pauses-to-honor-the-victims-of-711/,"Washington, D.C. — This morning, President Donald Trump and Secondary First Lady Melania Trump took time out of their schedules to honor victims of what the president called “one of the worstest, bigliest sad moments in American history.” Standing in front of a convenience store just a few blocks away from the White House, President Trump laid a wreath of flowers and paper coffee cups in front of the store. He solemnly placed his hand over his heart as he asked Melania to get out her smartphone and play “the country song.” Mrs. Trump did as she was asked, and the National Anthem began playing from the phone. After it was finished, Trump gave a few remarks. “You know, when I became president,” Trump began, “everyone said that honoring those who fell on that fateful day 16 years ago would be the toughest and most rewarding experience in the first year of my administration. And they were not wrong.” Trump said he would “never forget” the day the attacks, which were the reason for the ceremony he was holding, took place. “I was watching TV in my Trump Tower apartment,” Trump told those gathered, “and I remember seeing that we had been attacked. Then, and I’ll never forget this, I saw probably sixteen or seventeen thousand Muslims dancing and cheering in the streets! In America! From my balcony, no less!” At one point, it became clear that Trump may have been a bit confused. “The one thing I wasn’t sure of,” Trump said, “was whether it was just the one 7/11 that was attacked, or if it was a coordinated attack. It really bothered me, not knowing, so when I was sworn in, the first thing I did was instruct my staff to gather all the intelligence, all the classified and unclassified information we have on the attacks, and bring it to me so that I could study it.” Trump said he was “surprised and shocked” to find out that none of the intelligence he saw pointed to a Slurpee conspiracy. And none of the information he was provided gave clues to figuring out if a Big Gulp cabal was used, or if the terrorists who perpetrated the attack bought “any of those weird hot dog things they sell there.” “I know what I know, and I know what I saw,” Trump said, “on that day we’ll all never forget. But yet, nothing that I was given had anything to do with 7-11 convenience stores. What the fuck? What is this, some kind of satirical news story just written to justify a joke about how dumb I am in real life, and the satirist ran out of steam halfway through this paragraph and now he’s just literally typing in a stream of consciousness way, just letting whatever dumb shit hits his brain get out there without any filter? Well, in that regard he’d be acting just like me, wouldn’t he? So did he just Inception this shit? Who’s speaking right now? Me, or him? Oh fuck it, I’m going to go in there and buy sixteen rolled taco meat things and jam in them all in my mouth at once because life is a sad, cold, dark void.”"
39,303,Donald Trump Hires ‘Clueless’ Stacey Dash for ‘Negro Outreach Program’,http://nationalreport.net/donald-trump-hires-clueless-stacey-dash-negro-outreach-program/,"“She connects with that group,” said Trump, “and she’ll be terrific. Did you see her at the Oscars? She was terrific as the Minority Outreach Director, so we brought her on board. We’re lucky to have her. She’s controversial, but she’s one of the good ones.”"
40,305,NORTH KOREAN SPY GIVES HIMSELF UP AFTER TASTING ICE CREAM FOR FIRST TIME,http://worldnewsdailyreport.com/north-korean-spy-gives-himself-up-after-tasting-ice-cream-for-first-time/,Guam authorities have arrested Kim Li Sun who is allegedly a spy for the North Korean regime reports the Guam Times this week.
41,101,Trump Threatens To Cancel Visit To Israel Because “The McDonald’s There Doesn’t Have A Bacon Cheese Big Mac”,,"President Donald Trump eats like a 6-foot, 240-pound petulant child – if that irritable youngster had the ability to push a button and make a lackey fetch a Coke. He’s set to embark on his first official trip overseas Friday with pit stops in Saudi Arabia, Israel, Belgium, Italy and the Vatican – something he’s reportedly pouting about, huffing and puffing that the nine-day excursion is far too long. Worse yet: none of the places he’s visiting have a Trump-branded hotel with workers that are duty-bound and practiced at serving him his favorite meals. Trump is a noted lover of fast food: McDonald’s burgers and Kentucky fried chicken are staples. “The Big Macs are great. The Quarter Pounder. It’s great stuff,” he said in a town hall event about his orders from McDonald’s."
42,128,Hillary Clinton Actually President as Nation Wakes Up From Strange and Twisted Dream,http://www.satirenews.net/hillary-clinton-actually-president-as-nation-wakes-up-from-strange-and-twisted-dream/,"WASHINGTON—The morning after what had appeared to have been the inauguration of a President Donald Trump Americans across the country began to awake elated to find out it was all just an elaborate, dark and scary dream and that Hillary Clinton was in fact President."
43,129,Ted Cruz Still Leads Polls for Most Punch-able Face,http://www.satirenews.net/ted-cruz-still-leads-polls-for-most-punch-able-face/,"CONCORD, NH—Following a strong second place finish to Donald Trump in Iowa  for the GOP Nomination Ted Cruz is still in the lead  in New Hampshire when polling for the candidate with the most punch-able face. Trailing not far behind is Dr. Ben Carson, the retired brain surgeon who is a choice favorite of many who simply want to at the very least shake him firmly to wake him up from his constant state of apparent slumber."
44,529,Trump Begins Acceptance Speech With Call To Prayer,http://www.thehummusnews.com/trump-begins-acceptance-speech-with-call-to-prayer/,"New York, NY (2:45 A.M.)–Donald J. Trump was welcomed by a rousing crowd at his campaign headquarters in New York City early this morning, as news of his election spread through the crowd."
45,340,"Trump.com throwing so many allies Under the Bus, the US now has a Bus Shortage",http://www.thespoof.com/spoof-news/us/128728/trump-com-throwing-so-many-allies-under-the-bus-the-us-now-has-a-bus-shortage,"With the ongoing and most entertaining cyberbully of his greatest ally the AG number, the number of causalities is rising daily."
46,552,Hillary Clinton Allegedly Used Secret Email Addresses to Cast Spells on Enemies,http://reductress.com/post/hillary-clinton-allegedly-used-secret-email-addresses-to-cast-spells-on-enemies/,"As more details emerge surrounding Hillary Clinton’s second personal email address, many are questioning whether the private emails implicate Clinton in a cover-up of several magic spells cast upon her worst enemies. The revelation of the additional account has also raised questions about Clinton’s relationship with Sydney Blumenthal, a longtime advisor and purported wizard."
47,349,Police Chiefs no longer want liberal Criminal Justice degree graduates as cops,,As university graduation season comes to an end many young people are in for a rude awakening. Some employers dont want people with the degrees they have worked for years to earn.
48,104,Bill O’Reilly: “Companies Under Trump Must Say ‘Merry Christmas’ Or Will Be Forced To “Send Employees To Religious Classes”,http://newslo.com/bill-oreilly-companies-trump-must-say-merry-christmas-will-forced-send-employees-religious-classes/,"Of all the voices crusading against the so-called “War on Christmas,” perhaps no TV personality has lent their star power to the fight against encroaching secular influence that Fox News host Bill O’Reilly has. On Thursday, the O’Reilly Factor host called out the “companies that kind of marginalized Christmas” this year by failing to use the word in their holiday advertisements and promotions, including Best Buy, Barnes & Noble and Victoria’s Secret. “Those companies are not in the Christmas spirit,” O’Reilly complained. “And that’s bad news for them, because Donald Trump is on the case.”"
49,88,PRESIDENT TRUMP AND CIA TO SOON DEPLOY HIGHLY TRAINED VIGILANTE TO CLEAN UP STREETS OF CHICAGO,https://www.huzlers.com/president-trump-and-cia-to-soon-deploy-highly-trained-vigilante-to-clean-up-streets-of-chicago/,"WASHINGTON DC – The violence in Chicago is no joke, the midwest city has among the highest murder rates in the country, with more homicides in 2016 than New York City and Los Angeles combined, there seems to be no end to the carnage. Since taking office, President Donald Trump has been constantly pushed to take action and help Chicago officials to stop the violence. President Trump has now unveiled his plan to end Chicago’s murder epidemic, and its a very intriguing one."
50,299,GOP APPROVES ABORTION IN DEMOCRATIC DISTRICTS,http://www.satirewire.com/content1/?p=6406,"WASHINGTON, D.C. (SatireWire.com) — In what they called a historic compromise, Republicans in Congress today said they will no longer oppose abortion in cases where the mother lives in a Democratic district."
51,460,Russian Space Agency Leaks Flat Earth Photograph,https://www.ncscooper.com/russian-space-agency-leak-flat-earth-photograph/,"Moscow, Russia — Late this week, the official Russian news agency TASS accidentally released photograph from Roscosmos which seemed to show that the Earth is flat. The picture was taken during a recent Russian restocking flight for the International Space Station when Cosmonaut Sergei Sokolov was performing a routine spacewalk to examine the fuel storage on the exterior of the vessel. American Astronaut Jim Selves, of Topeka, Kansas photographed the Russian through a portal window. Roscosmos, which is the Russian Space Agency, denied the photograph was real and blamed the American ‘fake news’ media for propagating a false narrative “This another untrue assertion by the American fake media to make the Russian Federation look bad,” said Roscosmos spokeswoman Vetkhany Millbrigt during a press conference early Friday morning. “Although we should remain skeptical about the world around us, I’ve spoken with Cosmonaut Sokolov personally and he has no recollection of any spacewalk or a photograph. The photograph was first circulated by CNN, during The Situation Room hosted by Wolf Blitzer, but was soon picked up by other mainstream media outlets. The popular debunking site Snopes.com has yet to discuss the issue. In the modern era, the availability of communications technology and social media like YouTube, Facebook and Twitter have made it easy for individuals, famous and not, to spread disinformation and attract others to their erroneous ideas. One of the topics that have flourished in this environment is that of the Flat-Earth. The solar eclipse of August 21, 2017, gave rise to numerous YouTube videos purporting to show how the details of the eclipse prove the earth is flat. In 2017, “the Tunisian and Arab scientific and educational world” had a scandal when a Ph.D. student submitted a thesis “declaring Earth to be flat, unmoving, young (only 13,500 years of age), and the center of the universe.” CNN has denied that it is false information and that the photograph was mentioned last year in the infamous dossier which also mentions then-candidate Donald Trump’s run-ins with Russian prostitutes, implying that the flat earth photograph and the yet-to-be-seen ‘pee-pee’ video are somehow linked."
52,528,"President Trump Promises Muslim Ban Will Bring “Many, many more jobs to ISIS”",http://www.thehummusnews.com/president-trump-promises-muslim-ban-will-bring-many-many-more-jobs-to-isis/,"WASHINGTON – President Donald Trump addressed the media over his controversial Muslim ban, ensuring that it has been extremely successful and received worldwide praise from many different terrorist organizations. “Late last night ISIS gave me a call and said ‘You’re doing the greatest job,’” President Trump said. “They assured me that thanks to my policies they are going to recruit many, many new members.”"
53,500,"Poor People Don’t Need Blue Cross Insurance, They Only Need True Cross Insurance",http://christwire.org/2017/06/poor-people-dont-need-blue-cross-insurance-they-only-need-true-cross-insurance/,"As the Senate prepares to repeal ObamaCare and insure 22 million people don’t ‘run up the bill’ trying to take care of their ‘ailments’, America is in a unique position to remind poor people of the nation of one simple fact:  you don’t need Medicaid, Medicare or even Blue Cross, you only need True Cross."
54,575,Congress Votes To Dismantle The Statue Of Liberty – “Give Me Your Tired And Poor” Is Misleading To Immigrants,http://theracketreport.com/congress-votes-to-dismantle-the-statue-of-liberty-give-me-your-tired-and-poor-is-misleading-to-immigrants/,The Racket Report – Congress Votes To Dismantle The Statue Of Liberty – “Give Me Your Tired And Poor” Is Misleading To Immigrants.
57,167,Senator Jeff Sessions urges America to cut ties with foreign land of Hawaii,http://www.hillarybeattrump.org/home/2017/4/28/senator-jeff-sessions-confused-by-plethora-of-american-entertainment-taking-place-in-foreign-land-of-hawaii,"WASHINGTON, DC -- On Friday, Alabama senator Jeffrey Beauregard Sessions stormed out of the Senate cafeteria after colleagues laughed when he suddenly started yelling, ""it's imperative that we cut all diplomatic ties with the foreign land of Hawaii."""
58,5,"Trump’s First 100 Days Have Had Way More Days Than Obama’s First 100 Days, White House Says",http://www.theshovel.com.au/2017/04/27/trumps-first-100-days-way-more-days-than-obamas/,"White House spokesperson Sean Spicer says Donald Trump’s first 100 days in office contained the largest number of days ever seen in a President’s first 100 days, period. In a fiery press conference in the capital, Spicer hit out at critics who claimed Mr Trump’s first 100 days consisted of only 100 days. “There have been literally thousands of days. Tens of thousands perhaps. These attempts to try and minimise the enormous number of days we’ve seen so far is just shameful and wrong,” he said. Experts have pointed out that Trump’s first 100 days contained exactly the same number of days as Obama’s first 100 days. But Mr Trump labelled those reports as fake news. “Don’t believe what the failing New York Times or the lying CNN tells you. We’ve achieved more days – so many more days – than Obama did in the same time frame. It’s been so tremendous,” he said. “The days have been bigger too. The longest days we’ve seen”. The next 100 days are expected to be even longer."
59,73,Trump Fulfills Campaign Promise Of Pushing Major Immigration Decision On Someone Else So He Can Watch TV,http://www.theonion.com/article/trump-fulfills-campaign-promise-pushing-major-immi-56844,"WASHINGTON—With the announcement by Attorney General Jeff Sessions that the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program would begin winding down in the next six months, President Donald Trump reportedly fulfilled his long-standing campaign promise Tuesday of finally pushing major immigration decisions onto someone else so he can watch TV. “From the earliest days of his candidacy, Donald Trump vowed to foist large-scale immigration policies onto his underlings so he could lounge around eating snacks and catching up on the cable news shows, and today he made that pledge a reality,” said White House Communications Director Hope Hicks, noting that the millions of Americans around the country who had attended rallies and chanted “pass the buck” had elected Trump to office for this express purpose. “This might not be a decision that pleases the Washington establishment, but it shows voters that when the president says he’s going to make someone else develop policy resolutions so he can flip through a few channels before dozing off in his chair to The Five, he means it.” Hicks added that the administration’s next priority was to make good on the president’s signature promise of indefinitely delaying action on a border wall while he leaves Washington to play golf."
60,549,Woman Who Regrets Voting for Trump Still Pretty Racist,http://reductress.com/post/woman-who-regrets-voting-for-trump-still-pretty-racist/,"Janet Ballard of Poughkeepsie, New York, now wishes she hadn’t voted for President Trump. However, she’s still super racist."
62,428,President Trump Orders the Execution of Five Turkeys Pardoned by Obama,http://realnewsrightnow.com/2017/01/president-trump-orders-execution-five-turkeys-pardoned-obama/,"WASHINGTON, D.C. – In another sweeping move aimed at undoing the perceived damage done by the Obama administration, President Donald J. Trump signed an executive order on Tuesday directing the Department of Justice to revoke all sixteen Thanksgiving Day turkey pardons issued by the former president during his eight years in office. “After reviewing the decisions made by the previous administration, President Trump has determined that a number of turkey pardons issued by Barack Obama were done so in a manner that was both deceitful and hazardous to the American people,” White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer announced on Tuesday. “This morning, the president once again used his executive powers to see to it that justice is served and that the surviving creatures will be destroyed.” Spicer said very little is known about the true origins of the sixteen turkeys or why they were specifically singled out by former President Barack Obama. “There are a lot of obvious questions we just don’t have the answers to. Were they connected to radical Islamic terrorism? Black Lives Matter extremists? We can’t be sure,” he said. “All we know is they were sentenced to death and Obama took it upon himself to meddle in the independent judicial process.” Of the sixteen turkeys pardoned by Obama, all but five are deceased. “These birds, despite their deaths, will have their pardons revoked posthumously during a ceremony in the Rose Garden,” Secretary Spicer explained. The remaining birds – Tater, Tot, Abe, Honest, and Cheese – are scheduled to be remanded into federal custody on Friday before they are turned over to officials from the Federal Bureau of Prisons who are under orders to execute the turkeys by firing squad. The annual Thanksgiving Day turkey pardon dates back to 1863 when President Abraham Lincoln first granted clemency to his son’s beloved pet turkey which the First Family had intended to feast on for Thanksgiving dinner."
63,166,"Clinton's travel ban prevents ""rude American tourists"" from traveling abroad",http://www.hillarybeattrump.org/home/2017/7/24/clinton-enacts-travel-ban-focused-on-preventing-embarrassing-american-tourists-from-going-abroad,"WASHINGTON D.C. -- On Monday, President Hillary Rodham Clinton enacted a sweeping travel ban prohibiting ""rude, obnoxious, entitled and culturally insensitive American citizens"" from traveling abroad - a ban that American allies like the U.K. and France are calling ""miraculous,"" ""kind,"" and ""wildly overdue."""
65,514,Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump employ cupping for extra boost in campaigns,http://www.derfmagazine.com/news/politics/donald-trump-hillary-clinton-olypic-cupping,"WILMINGTON, NC - Following a campaign rally in Wilmington, North Carolina, Republican Presidential candidate Donald Trump turned his back to the crowd and many noticed the large red circles on the back of his neck near his collar. At another rally in Tampa, Florida, supporters of Hillary Clinton noticed similar discolorations. After questions were raised with both campaigns, it has been revealed that both candidates are employing the cupping technique used by Olympic athletes in hopes of boosting their campaigns. The Clinton campaign has been secretive about exactly how much cupping is going on. “Secretary Clinton is entitled to privacy in this matter,” said spokesman Harold Blackmon. “The exact locations and number of suctions have been accounted for, though several may have been deleted through no fault of Mrs. Clinton or her campaign, or her private cupping server. Any further questions can be addressed to Mrs. Clinton when she holds a news conference. Which, will be never.” Hillary Clinton first became aware of cupping several years before the Rio Olympics. “She actually learned about it from her husband,” said former advisor Paul Begala. “He came home one night with red blotches on various parts of his body and he explained to her the benefits of cupping. It turned out that the marks on Bill were actually hickies, but the explanation still took root.” “This cupping thing is turning out to be huge,” said Republican nominee Donald Trump. “It’s even making America win again. In the Olympics. Notice, for the past four years, the USA has not won even one medal in the Olympics. Thanks Obama. But now we are winning again. Thanks to me. And suction cup attachments on the skin. Which are awesome and they look great on me. I am tempted to go shirtless horseback riding with Vladimir Putin to show everyone how great the red circles look on my beautiful orange skin.” When asked how and where he gets the suction cups applied, Trump responded, “There’s a very smart, coherent young man who hangs outside Trump tower. Smart kid. Well spoken kid. Good supporter. He has suction cups. He says he’s gonna use them to climb my building, but for now he’s happy to use them to cup my body.”"
68,165,Betsy Devos blames campus rape on women’s higher education​,http://www.hillarybeattrump.org/home/2017/7/30/betsy-devos-blames-campus-rape-on-womens-higher-education,"WASHINGTON D.C. -- Betsy Devos, the affluent unemployed conservative donor, made headlines on Wednesday with a personal research paper that argues that the growing epidemic of campus rape plaguing universities across America is ""the  direct result of women's gaining access to higher education."""
69,389,Trump Wants A Big Military Parade Down Pennsylvania Avenue,https://crooksandliars.com/2017/09/trump-wants-big-military-parade-down,So Donald Trump thinks it would be a great idea to have a military parade down Pennsylvania Avenue for the Fourth of July.
70,306,TRUMP SCIENCE ADVISOR DENIES APOLLO MOON LANDINGS EVER HAPPENED,http://worldnewsdailyreport.com/trump-science-advisor-denies-apollo-moon-landings-ever-happened/,"Donald Trumps newly appointed science and technology advisor, Yale University professor David Gelernter, has already attracted a barrage of criticism after making controversial statements this week during an exclusive interview with Science Today."
73,558,Hillary Clinton reveals NCAA Tournament picks to bathroom mirror,http://sportspickle.com/news/hillary-clinton-reveals-ncaa-tournament-picks-bathroom-mirror.html,"Former presidential candidate Hillary Clinton announced her NCAA Tournament picks last night, running through the 64-team bracket in an exclusive interview with the mirror in the bathroom off of her master bedroom."
74,266,Jeff Sessions sets Guinness record for number of times 'I don't recall' uttered at U.S. Senate hearing,http://www.bentspud.com/news/politics/2017/06/14/jeff-sessions-sets-guinness-record-for-number-of-times-i-dont-recall-uttered-at-u-s-senate-hearing/,United States Attorney General Jeff Sessions has made it to the Guinness World Records after uttering “I don’t recall” or variations
75,77,Clinton Already Working On Follow-Up Book Casting Blame For Failures Of First,http://www.theonion.com/article/clinton-already-working-follow-book-casting-blame--56870,"CHAPPAQUA, NY—Saying it would provide a candid account of her experiences writing an unsuccessful tell-all, sources confirmed Thursday that Hillary Clinton is already working on a follow-up book casting blame for the failures of her previous memoir What Happened. “From my agent negotiating that underwhelming deal with Simon & Schuster, to the graphic designer’s lackluster cover art, to my so-called supporters who couldn’t be bothered to drop $17.99 for the hardcover copy—everyone had a hand in undermining my last book’s success,” reads a passage from the introduction to Clinton’s What Also Happened, which repeatedly decries her prior book’s “indecipherable” font and dedicates an entire chapter to lashing out at her copy editor for making her look like “an idiot third-grader.” “I’ll never forget how Amazon buried me and how Barnes & Noble completely sabotaged me by displaying my book way in the back in that no man’s land by the CDs. Frankly, it’s obvious I got screwed on all sides.” Accusing them of stealing her spotlight, the book reportedly concludes with a long list of every other celebrity who published a memoir in the past year."
76,76,Report: Country That Might Shut Down Because President Wants Big Wall Somehow Considered Best In The World,http://www.theonion.com/article/report-country-might-shut-down-because-president-w-56841,"WASHINGTON—A new report released Tuesday by the Pew Research Center has found that the country that might completely shut down because the president wants a big wall is somehow considered the best in the world. The study determined that the 241-year-old federal republic, whose entire government may soon cease to function on account of the head of state’s desire for a big, tall, and thick wall stretching all the way from one side of the water to the other side of the water, remains widely viewed as an exemplary nation and the preeminent achievement in democratic governance. The report also revealed that the country continues to be regarded as a paragon of excellence and a refuge for all humanity despite its commander-in-chief risking the loss of billions of dollars in potential revenue and the termination of vital public services because he really, really wants the big concrete wall and wants it now. Researchers confirmed that this nation, which may grind to a halt due to the leader’s demand for a big, giant, cement wall, is absolutely convinced that every other nation should be just like it."
77,439,America’s bums furious at comparisons to Donald Trump,http://newsthump.com/2017/09/23/americas-bums-furious-at-comparisons-to-donald-trump/,"Bums across America have lashed out after Lebron James likened them to Donald Trump. After the basketball player criticised the president for one of the many ridiculous things he’s done today, bums have insisted the comparison is unfair. Street resident Chuck Williams told us, “Our lives are hard enough as it is without people thinking we share personality traits with that asshole. “I get that us vagrants get called bums, but really what have we ever done to deserve being put in the same bracket as the septuagenarian Cheeto in the White House? “Sure, I do a little begging every now and again, but at least I’m open about where my money comes from – you can look at my tax returns anytime you like. “But I’ve never complimented the far-right, never grabbed a pussy, never reduced international diplomacy to a playground tantrum, never tried to implement illegal immigration policies, never colluded with a foreign power and never used a national platform to massage my own ego ahead of helping Americans that need assistance. “Surely I should get a pass?"" When asked for comment, Lebron James apologised to bums everywhere, and told reporters, “I shouldn’t have said ‘bum’, I should have said ‘Think-skinned moron’, or ‘idiotic man-child’, or maybe ‘self-publicising imbecile’. “Sorry about that.”"
78,181,President Trump Admits Reason He Banned Transgenders From Serving Is Because He Has Begun Transitioning To a Woman,http://empirenews.net/president-trump-admits-reason-he-banned-transgenders-from-serving-is-because-he-has-begun-transitioning-to-a-woman/,"President Donald Trump has admitted that the real reason he banned transgenders in the military is because he has begun his transition into a woman, and said he was “scared” he might have to serve in the military."
79,307,RUSSIAN HACKER SAYS HE REGRETS PUTTING DONALD TRUMP INTO POWER,http://worldnewsdailyreport.com/russian-hacker-says-he-regrets-putting-donald-trump-into-power/,The former Russian government operative now turned rogue agent these past ten years is presently hiding in Iceland in fear of Russian backlash since his public coming out.
80,206,"Trump Attacks Buzz Aldrin Back: “It Was All Fake News, There’s No Proof That Man Ever Came Close To The Moon”",http://uspoln.com/2017/07/10/trump-attacks-buzz-aldrin-back-fake-news-theres-no-proof-man-ever-came-close-moon/,"In an event at the White House this week, President Donald Trump reignited The National Space Council to help achieve his dream of landing a human on Mars within his first term. The problem was not in reigniting the American strive to achieve planetary travel or even Trump’s inability to understand Buzz Aldrin’s “Toy Story” quite during his speech. The concern many found was that the president seemed to misunderstand what exactly “space” was. “At some point in the future, we’re going to look back and say how did we do it without space?” Trump asked, as if “space” was one of the scientists on the team. Aldrin’s response was obvious and caught on camera."
83,364,Your Anti-Trump Efforts Are Working,http://www.cracked.com/blog/dont-get-discouraged-real-political-change-takes-time/,"Hi! I'm writing to you from day 116 of the Trump presidency, a period future historians will refer to as ""Oh God, We're Not Even Through Half A Year Yet?"" My social media feeds are currently dominated by discussion, gossip, and flat-out panic over both Trump's firing of FBI Director James Comey and Trump's leaking of classified information to Russia. A few days earlier everyone was concerned that Trump was going to start a nuclear war with North Korea, and God only knows what the next scandal will be. Maybe Trump cuts trade with Ireland because Kathy Ireland said something mean about him. Anyway, the current mood is ... not optimistic."
84,474,"Trump Vows, ""Swift and Utter Anihilation"" of Small Island Nation of Mauritius",http://newsmutiny.com/pages/Trump-Mauritius.html,"In an addendum to his address to the United Nations Wednesday, President Trump promised, ""Swift and utter annihilation of Mauritius,"" during a press conference with members of the international media this morning."
85,426,Hillary Clinton Hospitalized With Exhaustion After Signing Too Many Books,http://realnewsrightnow.com/2017/09/hillary-clinton-hospitalized-exhaustion-signing-many-books/,"YONKERS, Ny. – Hillary Clinton was hospitalized with exhaustion on Thursday after the former Secretary of State signed a record-shattering one thousand copies of her new book, What Happened, during a book signing event at a Manhattan area Barnes & Noble. Witnesses say the former Democratic presidential nominee appeared to lose consciousness moments after signing the 1,000th copy of What Happened for a loyal fan. “She stood up like she was about to say something and then she kind of staggered backwards before falling face first into a chest-high stack of books,” Maria Rodriguez, a lifelong Clinton supporter and mother of six, told The New York Times. Clinton, whose bestselling account of why she lost the 2016 presidential election to former reality TV star and billionaire entrepreneur Donald J. Trump has sold more copies in its first week than The Art of the Deal sold in a year, is said to be recovering at Manhattan’s Mount Sinai Hospital. “Mrs. Clinton suffered some minor bruising but we expect her to make a full recovery,” Mount Sinai’s chief medical officer, Dr. Ben Sheldon, told reporters on Thursday. “Rest assured, she’ll be back to signing books in no time.” Sources close to Clinton say that despite her injuries, the former Secretary of State is “readier than ever” to get on with her book tour. “She let her self go a little too hard today,” Clinton’s longtime friend and publicist, Jacob Knot, told Real News Right Now, adding, “It just goes to show how devoted she is to the American people.” In just over a week since its release, What Happened has quickly become the most talked-about publication in American history with tens of thousands turning out daily to catch a glimpse of the former First Lady turned bestselling author. “She’s a total rock star,” said Lee Irving, who, along with hundreds of other ecstatic fans, has attended book signings in multiple states. “When you look at the size of these crowds it’s more than obvious how she won the popular vote.”"
86,89,KIM JONG UN ADMITS HE HASN’T NUKED THE U.S. BECAUSE DENNIS RODMAN LIVES THERE,https://www.huzlers.com/kim-jong-un-admits-he-hasnt-nuked-the-u-s-because-dennis-rodman-lives-there/,"NORTH KOREA – In the midst of the ongoing nuclear conflict between America and North Korea, According to reports, Kim Jong-Un reportedly admitted that the only reason he hasn’t nuked the United States yet is because his good friend and former NBA star Dennis Rodman lives here."
90,148,Trump Dictates Women's Wardrobes!,https://www.thepondscum.com/single-post/2017/02/04/Trump-Dictates-Womens-Wardrobes,Trump wants the women who work for him to 'dress like women'.
93,138,Nobel Committee Awards Hillary Participation Prize,http://thepeoplescube.com/peoples-blog/nobel-committee-awards-hillary-participation-prize-t19024.html,he Nobel Prize Committee today has awarded Hillary Clinton the prestigious Nobel Participation Prize for participating in the 2016 election and for what she WOULD have done had she defeated Donald Trump.
94,207,"Ryan Bans Women From Appearing Sleeveless In House Of Reps: “Strippers Are Not Welcome Anymore, We Were Elected To Make America God-Fearing Again”",http://uspoln.com/2017/07/08/ryan-bans-women-appearing-sleeveless-house-reps-strippers-not-welcome-anymore-elected-make-america-god-fearing/,"Based on the whims of House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-WI), women attempting to enter the speaker’s lobby have been denied entrance based on their shoulder-baring sleeveless shirts and dresses. According to CBS News, multiple female journalists have reported that they’ve been turned away from the speaker’s lobby due to their bare shoulders – a policy not shared by either the Senate or the White House. The new dress code appears to first have been enforced in May, when, according to the report, Independent Journal Review’s Haley Byrd was kicked out of the lobby for violating the rule. The CBS report details the experiences of another young reporter who was told she couldn’t enter the lobby because of her dress. She improvised by tearing pages from her notebook to create “sleeves” – but was still turned away."
98,438,"Fire athletes who say USA isn’t great, insists President who says same thing",http://newsthump.com/2017/09/23/fire-athletes-who-say-usa-isnt-great-insists-president-who-says-same-thing/,"Donald Trump has suggested dissenting NFL players should be fired, despite winning the Presidency on a campaign of dissension. The President of the United States and dreadful bastard made the statements in a series of Tweets, as per everything. “They’ve gotta go folks, they’ve gotta go,” said Trump, at another pointless rally for cunts. “Anybody who suggests that America isn’t an amazing country or needs improving in any way shouldn’t be holding a high-profile position like that. “I don’t see any irony in saying that while also peddling slogans like “drain the swamp” or “make America great again”, no irony whatsoever, no sir. “Anyway, to business, America sucks right now. Who agrees?” A source close to Trump said, “yeah, yeah, I know. “I’m just kind of weary at this stage, to be honest. Nothing is dreadful anymore because I’m numb to it, as are most of you at this stage, no doubt. “We did ask Donald to read the constitution but he just laughed and told us to shove it up our asses, which again was like water off a duck’s back at this stage. “We all deserve the nuclear holocaust that awaits us, and I welcome it.”"
99,429,Sen. Chuck Grassley Opens Corruption Investigation Into Hillary Clinton,http://dailyheadlines.net/2017/06/sen-chuck-grassley-opens-corruption-investigation-into-hillary-clinton/,"The democrats are about to pay for their false Trump/Russia narrative.  Democrats know there is no there there, but want their voters to think otherwise.  And they’re right.  59% of democrats believe that Russia actually changed the votes in order for Trump to win.  This just proves they are utter morons because voting machines aren’t connected to the internet."
100,75,Trump Administration Announces New $20 Bill Design Honoring Harriet Tubman’s Owners,http://www.theonion.com/article/trump-administration-announces-new-20-bill-design--56829,"WASHINGTON—Saying they wished to pay tribute to the legacies of these distinguished, law-abiding Americans, the Trump administration announced Friday that a long anticipated redesign of the $20 bill would honor Harriet Tubman’s owners. “These were patriotic business proprietors who followed the laws of their time to further their economic interests, and this new currency design finally recognizes these enterprising individuals for their success,” said Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin at an afternoon press conference, explaining that the bills commemorating those responsible for enslaving the famed abolitionist, Civil War nurse, and women’s rights activist for the first three decades of her life would be in circulation by 2018. “For too long, we’ve overlooked the achievements of these upstanding citizens and prosperous agriculturalists. The new $20 note, which will feature a portrait of the Brodess family on the front and a depiction of the Maryland plantation they operated on the back, will at last give them their proper place in American history.” Mnuchin then sought to assuage any concerns about the decision, assuring those in attendance that the Trump White House was already looking into ways to preserve Andrew Jackson’s likeness by having it replace Abraham Lincoln on the $5 bill."
101,74,Kushner Frantically Searching Desk Drawer For Bold Solutions To Today’s Most Pressing Issues,http://www.theonion.com/article/kushner-frantically-searching-desk-drawer-bold-sol-56854,"WASHINGTON—Cursing under his breath as he dug through the assorted documents and folders, Senior Advisor to the President Jared Kushner was frantically searching a desk drawer Wednesday for bold solutions to today’s most pressing issues. “I could have sworn I put my trailblazing approaches to ushering in a new era of prosperity in here somewhere,” said Kushner as he pulled out random sheets of paper and quickly scanned them in hopes some might contain his strategy for bringing the Israeli-Palestinian conflict to a swift, peaceful conclusion or his innovative approach to battling the nation’s opioid epidemic. “Come on, come on. I just saw my visionary infrastructure plan that would create jobs for millions of Americans like a week ago—maybe it’s in the car? Couldn’t hurt to look there at this point.” At press time, Kushner was still unable to locate his notes for dissuading his father-in-law from taking such a soft stance toward neo-Nazism but ultimately decided he wasn’t too excited about that project anyway."
103,592,BREAKING: President Trump Releases Official Boycott List For October,http://thelastlineofdefense.org/breaking-president-trump-releases-official-boycott-list-for-october/,"President Trump wants his faithful followers to know exactly who his team of boycott hounds think should be listed for the upcoming month. Along with the reliable favorites like Nordstrom and Hamilton, companies and/or organizations acting un-American and resisting Trump’s efforts include the following, according to White House Director of Information and Propaganda Art Trubolls:"
104,352,Steven Seagal on short list for new FBI director,,In the weeks after the FBI director was fired there has been speculation as to who will take over as Americas top cop. A White House insider has provided CallTheCops with a tip about one name on the list. Actor and reserve deputy Steven Seagal.
105,551,‘How Am I Supposed To Explain This To My Children?’ Asks Melania Trump,http://reductress.com/post/how-am-i-supposed-to-explain-this-to-my-children-asks-melania-trump/,"It’s been a long and draining election cycle, and I don’t think any of us could have expected the result that we saw today. For many of us with young children, you probably woke up this morning asking yourself, “How am I supposed to explain this to my children?”"
106,356,Report finds Firefighters at risk due to exposure to the chemical Dihydrogen Monoxide,http://www.callthecops.net/report-finds-firefighters-at-risk-due-to-exposure-to-the-chemical-dihydrogen-monoxide/,It seems everyday there is a new risk to being a firefighter. Chemicals found on fire scenes and absorbed into turnout gear have been linked to many illness. Now a chemical found in fire hose is raising an alarm.
107,34,65 Percent of Republicans Believe Black Lives Matter in League With ISIS,http://bizstandardnews.com/2016/06/27/65-percent-of-republicans-believe-black-lives-matter-in-league-with-isis/,"Republicans are not fans of the Black Lives Matter movement, which sprang up a few years ago to protest police violence against the black community. However, it seems some Republicans believe the group is collaborating with America’s enemies. A new poll by Occidental Public Polling said that 65 percent of Republicans believed Black Lives Matter was working with ISIS. The OPP survey interviewed 1,000 Republicans by phone and the internet. These views are not surprising because this is a message constantly repeated on right-wing media. According to The Washington Post, Mike Halstead, a police chief in Surf City, N.C., was fired after he posted this message on his Facebook profile: “This Black Lives Matter group is nothing more than an American born terrorist group brought on by the lie of the hands up don’t shoot during the criminal thug Michael Brown incident.” He also repeated the message on FOX News. FOX News commentators Bill O’Reilly and Sean Hannity have both compared Black Lives Matter to the Ku Klux Klan. However, no Black Lives Matter members have lynched police officers or threatened to blow up their homes."
108,184,Nuclear option baby-proofed to prevent President Dump Truck from blowing us all up!,http://www.thespoof.com/spoof-news/us/128796/nuclear-option-baby-proofed-to-prevent-president-dump-truck-from-blowing-us-all-up,"After the president Unpresidentially resorted to rhetoric usually ascribed to lunatic dictators in response to North Korea's typical ""give me money"" antics, the Joint Chiefs of Staff decided that preventative measures needed to be taken."
109,584,Assange Truth Bomb: Hillary Clinton And ISIS Are Funded By The Same Money,http://cityworldnews.com/assange-truth-bomb-hillary-clinton-and-isis-are-funded-by-the-same-money/,"In the second excerpt from the John Pilger Special, to be exclusively broadcast by RT on Saturday, courtesy of Dartmouth Films, Julian Assange accuses Hillary Clinton of misleading Americans about the true scope of Islamic State’s support from Washington’s Middle East allies."
110,336,"Obama Tells Trump To Resign, The President’s Response Is Priceless",http://newsfeedobserver.com/obama-tells-trump-to-resign-the-presidents-response-is-priceless/,"As liberals and the FAKE NEWS media attempt to put pressure on President Trump by calling him a Nazi despite his administration arresting a record number of white supremacists in a single year thanks to their expert response to the attack in Charlottesville, some of their more prominent figures are attempting to “go for the throat.”"
111,425,White House Says Trump in ‘Frequent’ Contact with Extraterrestrials,http://realnewsrightnow.com/2017/09/white-house-says-trump-in-frequent-contact-with-extraterrestrials/,"WASHINGTON, D.C. – Since assuming office on January 20, 2017, President Donald J. Trump has periodically exchanged messages with intelligent extraterrestrial life forms who, according to White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders, have provided him with advice and guidance on a multitude of issues ranging from job creation to national security. “They know he’s an excellent negotiator – probably the best our planet has to offer – and that’s why they’ve elected to speak with him,” Secretary Sanders told a handful of reporters during an off-camera briefing on Wednesday. While Sanders could not comment on the extent or frequency of the encounters, she said President Trump is “extremely humbled” to be the first head of state to make contact with alien life. While senior White House officials and even Trump’s immediate family are reportedly barred from attending meetings between the president and his extraterrestrial advisers, sources close to Mr. Trump say the president has hinted that he’s negotiating a deal with the aliens that will make America “better than anyone ever thought possible.” However, due to the secrecy surrounding President Trump’s private encounters with the extraterrestrials, the terms and precise nature of the deal remain unclear. During an interview with Fox News host Shepard Smith, President Trump’s longtime friend and dentist, Dr. Charles H. Brister, DDS, said the president believes he was chosen by the aliens for a reason. “At our last session, [the president] told me how grateful he is to have these beings in his corner, particularly considering how unfairly he’s been treated by the media,” Dr. Brister said, adding, “He’s the only one capable of doing this and he knows it. That’s why the American people elected him.” In a statement released Thursday, White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders said that, despite the implications, President Donald J. Trump has not yet met face-to-face with the allegedly intelligent beings. As to whether Mr. Trump will have his own close encounter of the third kind is, according to the White House, “between the president and his ET counterparts.”"
112,427,Trump Tells Fox News ‘Dishonest Media’ Stole His Wallet During Florida Campaign Rally,http://realnewsrightnow.com/2017/02/trump-tells-fox-news-dishonest-media-stole-wallet-florida-campaign-rally/,"WASHINGTON, D.C. – President Donald J. Trump, in an appearance on Fox News this week, accused a CNN news crew of stealing his wallet during his 2020 presidential campaign rally in Florida last Saturday. “Let me tell you, these people are very dishonest,” the President told Shepard Smith on Tuesday. “They came to me asking for a soundbite and the next thing – the next thing you know, my wallet is gone.” President Trump described the wallet as a brown leather passcase from his own Signature Collection and said at the time of the theft he was carrying it in the right pocket of his sports coat. “These people have their own agenda; they can’t be trusted. You look at CNN and the fake stories they put out, it’s sick what these people will do for ratings,” Trump charged before adding that the Secret Service is spearheading an investigation into the incident. While refusing to elaborate on the nature of the investigation, President Trump told Fox News he has ordered Secret Service Director Joseph Clancy to personally lead the inquiry into his wallet’s whereabouts. “Believe me, this is very, very serious and we’re going to get to the bottom of it,” Trump vowed. “You’re going to start hearing things very soon.” The President went on to say that at the time of the alleged theft, the contents of his wallet included a billfold of approximately five thousand dollars in hundred-dollar bills and a copy of the nuclear launch codes. Sources close to President Trump say he rarely ventures out without his Donald J. Trump Signature Collection passcase wallet. Designed for the discerning entrepreneur, the leather wallet features an emboldened gold logo and comes equipped with a bill compartment, three credit card pockets, and ample storage space. A presidential profile piece published by The New York Times on Wednesday provided a brief description of the high-end wallet, saying it contained “a pocket-sized photograph of Russian president Vladimir Putin and no cash.” Since assuming office just over a month ago, Mr. Trump has embroiled himself in a seemingly endless war with the mainstream media. In a February 17 tweet, the President of the United States announced, “The FAKE NEWS media (failing @nytimes, @NBCNews, @ABC, @CBS, @CNN) is not my enemy, it is the enemy of the American People!” During Saturday’s rally at Orlando Melbourne International Airport, Trump doubled down on attacking the “dishonest media,” telling a crowd of 9,000 enthusiastic supporters that he would “speak the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth.”"
113,555,Protesters demand Colin Kaepernick be allowed to develop CTE,http://sportspickle.com/nfl/protesters-demand-colin-kaepernick-allowed-develop-cte.html,"Protesters gathered outside NFL headquarters in New York City today, chanting and demanding that quarterback Colin Kaepernick be signed by an NFL team so he can sustain massive brain damage."
114,145,AG Jeff Sessions Kisses Trump's Ass In Public!,https://www.thepondscum.com/single-post/2017/06/13/AG-Jeff-Sessions-Kisses-Trumps-Ass-In-Public,"When Attorney General Jeff Sessions refused to answer questions today at the Senate Hearing, he became a traitor to the country."
115,3,Trump Vows To Protect The US From All Foreign Undocumented Hurricanes,http://www.theshovel.com.au/2017/09/07/trump-vows-to-protect-the-us-from-all-foreign-undocumented-hurricanes/,"With the impending threat of Hurricane Irma in the Caribbean, US President Donald Trump has taken a tough stance against tropical storms travelling from south of the border. He used a press conference today to condemn foreign hurricanes travelling to the US. “These hurricanes are a drain to the American taxpayer and they can expect the authorities to keep a very close eye on them.” “When these hurricanes get here, they’re not sending their best. They’re bringing floods, they’re bringing rain, they’re rapists.” Hurricane Irma has been classified as the worst storm in Atlantic history, or as climate change deniers call it: “bad luck”. Meanwhile, the President visited areas affected by Hurricane Harvey, taking a break from his tweet schedule. Both have caused mass damage across the US."
116,87,TACO BAN: PRESIDENT TRUMP PUSHING FOR THE BAN OF MEXICAN FOOD IN THE U.S.,https://www.huzlers.com/taco-ban-president-trump-pushing-for-the-ban-of-mexican-food-in-the-u-s/,"WASHINGTON DC – Months after Trump’s “Muslim ban”, prohibiting the travel from a list of middle eastern and African countries that pose a threat to the U.S, It is being reported that Trump is also pushing towards a “Taco ban”."
118,347,Carly Fiorina surges to 97% support in Iowa polls following Hawkeyes pandering,http://www.bentspud.com/news/politics/2016/01/02/carly-fiorina-surges-to-97-support-in-iowa-polls-following-hawkeyes-pandering/,"Iowa may have lost the 102nd Rose Bowl to Stanford Cardinal, 45-16, but avid Hawkeyes fan Carly Fiorina has plenty to cheer about."
119,550,This Inspiring Racist Isn’t Getting Distracted By Trump’s Tweets,http://reductress.com/post/this-inspiring-racist-isnt-getting-distracted-by-trumps-tweets/,"Displaying the kind of resolve and focus that pundits at media outlets from the New York Times to Vox.com have advocated, Florida racist Jen Mitchell refuses to let herself be distracted by Donald Trump’s incendiary tweets. In fact, the 43-year-old mother of two has remained steadfast in ignoring the late-night ramblings of the president elect that many have speculated are distracting the public."
120,519,State Of Emergency Called As Twitter Doubles Chance Of WWIII,http://waterfordwhispersnews.com/2017/09/27/state-of-emergency-called-as-twitter-doubles-chance-of-wwiii/,"THE Pentagon is calling a state of emergency this morning after social media giant, Twitter, announced it will be doubling the amount of characters users can tweet."
121,4,Trump Opens Morning Papers To Discover Media Finally Reporting Real News,http://www.theshovel.com.au/2017/04/01/trump-opens-morning-papers-to-discover-media-finally-reporting-real-news/,"April 1: After months of reading fake news from publications such as the New York Times and The Washington Post, Donald Trump was delighted this morning to discover the media was at last covering actual real-world stories. “I read this morning that they’ve had a bumper spaghetti harvest in Italy this year. That’s true. And another article here says that Big Ben is getting a digital clock. That’s true too – I’ve seen it myself. So good”. He said it was about time news outlets put forward the facts. “It’s taken them until the first day of April to do it, but the media is finally reporting real news. Now, I’m off to get a fry-flavoured thick shake from Burger King”."
122,135,Trump threatens millions of senators with imminent death,http://thepeoplescube.com/peoples-blog/trump-threatens-millions-of-senators-with-imminent-death-t19607.html,"In the latest effort at genocide by President Trump, the worst Republican since Hitler, US Senators may face loss of their subsidized health coverage. Mr. Trump ominously tweeted in a manner reminiscent of Hitler, “If a new HealthCare Bill is not approved quickly, BAILOUTS for Insurance Companies and BAILOUTS for Members of Congress will end very soon!”"
123,179,"Trump Plans To Demolish The Statue of Liberty, Says We No Longer Accept ‘Tired or Poor’",http://empirenews.net/trump-plans-to-demolish-the-statue-of-liberty-says-we-no-longer-accept-tired-or-poor/,"President Trump announced late last night that congress voted 322 to 105 in favor of dismantling the statue of liberty, due to its “misleading statements” engraved on the pedestal."
124,2,Democrats Unveil 324 Million New Slogans To Appeal To Each U.S. Resident Individually,http://www.theonion.com/article/democrats-unveil-324-million-new-slogans-appeal-ea-56836,"WASHINGTON—In an effort to rebrand the struggling party after a poor showing in the 2016 elections and to win over voters ahead of next year’s midterms, the Democratic National Committee on Monday unveiled 324 million new slogans to appeal to each United States resident individually. “We’re going to let Americans know that we’re fighting for each of them specifically with tailored slogans such as ‘A Better Construction Job For Brian’ and ‘Improving Schools For Your 9-Year-Old Twins Chloe And Sara,’” explained DNC chair Tom Perez, adding that the party sought to connect with more Americans by placing the customized slogans on postcards and door-hanger advertisements personally addressed to every inhabitant of the U.S. “From ‘Better Healthcare For Bill Webber’s Diabetes’ to ‘Mallory, We’ll Put That New Addition On Your House,’ to ‘We Can Probably Get You Five Minutes With Mark Ruffalo, Janice Marcott Of Cheyenne, Wyoming,’ our new party slogans have been carefully calibrated to narrowly focus on the issues each particular voter cares about most.” At press time, the DNC had already botched the rollout and sent bumper stickers with “Lowering Child Support For Ted” to all 324 million Americans."
125,556,Trump administration moves to ban all Indians: “They are taking wins away from hard-working American Leaguers”,http://sportspickle.com/news/trump-administration-moves-ban-indians-taking-wins-away-hard-working-american-leaguers.html,White House spokesperson Sarah Huckabee-Sanders announced today that President Trump is set to release an executive order that will ban all Indians from the United States due to the great number of losses being suffered by American League teams.
126,493,Sean Spicer Vehemently Denies Ever Being Press Secretary,http://www.burrardstreetjournal.com/sean-spicer-vehemently-denies-ever-being-press-secretary/,"ALEXANDRIA, VA—Married father-of-two and American citizen Sean Spicer has vehemently denied ever holding the position of White House Press Secretary in a hastily assembled press conference on his front lawn this evening."
127,369,United States to build wall around D.C.,http://thedailyer.com/united-states-build-wall-around-d-c/,"In reaction to a long, arduous election cycle filled with finger-pointing, scandals, and plenty of drinking as a coping mechanism, the 50 states wasted no time in deciding to erect a wall around Washington, D.C."
128,355,War on Christmas named bloodiest war since WWI,http://thedailyer.com/war-christmas-named-bloodiest-war-since-wwi/,"As Christmas season continues in full swing, many people are embracing the Christmas spirit by decorating the house, singing Christmas carols and getting in last-minute shopping. However, behind this jovial spirit lays the hideous and destructive nature that the Christmas media does not want you to know about."
129,594,BREAKING: Clinton Foundation Shipping Manifest Proves DEADLY Conspiracy Against Trump,http://thelastlineofdefense.org/breaking-clinton-foundation-shipping-manifest-proves-deadly-conspiracy-against-trump/,"According to the manifest of the seized Clinton Foundation ship, the Chelsea, A terrorist conspiracy was implemented to kill massive amounts of people inside the White House, including President Trump. The manifest showed that table salt from Caledonia had been mixed with cyanide from the Baltic state of Balmora and shipped directly to the white house in pre-packaged shakers."
130,341,Trump's 'Plumbers' Seek Source of White House Leak,http://www.thespoof.com/spoof-news/us/128781/trumps-plumbers-seek-source-of-white-house-leak,"WEEKEND WHITE HOUSE, BEDMINSTER, N.J. In what appears to be a throwback to the days of Watergate, President Donald Trump has reportedly organized a band of so-called plumbers to investigate serious leaks at the White House. Anonymous confidential informants, all members of the White House staff, reported that the president is so disturbed by incessant leaks that he has ordered attorney general Sessions to head the search. Sessions has told other cabinet members that the leaks cannot continue, and that drastic action will be taken to curtail them. He has threatened to subpoena reporters who may have learned of the leaks from the White House staff."
131,445,Cops Learn How to Ride Bikes at OWU-Hosted Police Conference,https://www.delawareohionews.com/in-brief/cops-learn-how-to-ride-bikes-ipmba-2017/,By Ricardo Paye 3191 0
132,345,Donald Trump’s Long Forgotten Rap Battle with Ted Cruz (Cultural Appropriation?),http://glossynews.com/top-stories/201709200600/donald-trumps-long-forgotten-rap-battle-with-ted-cruz-cultural-appropriation/,I wrote this a while ago at TheSpoof.com.
133,178,Maine Becomes the First State to Legalize Ecstasy,http://empirenews.net/maine-becomes-the-first-state-to-legalize-ecstasy/,"Maine has been in the news all year for legalizing marijuana for recreational use, and apparently legalizing weed was only the beginning. Following on the heels of the wave of marijuana legalization, some might be surprised to hear that Maine state legislature has decided to legalize the popular street drug Ecstasy. Recreational use of will become fully legal in the state by the end of this year."
134,531,Satan Drunk Texts Donald Trump After Campaign Victory,http://www.thehummusnews.com/satan-drunk-texts-donald-trump-after-campaign-speech/,"Atlanta, GA (3:00 P.M. EST)–Leaked screenshots from Donald Trump’s phone reveal that Satan, man’s ultimate enemy and part-time barista, drunk texted the president-elect following his libelous claims against Muslims last week."
135,553,New Bill Requires Women Seeking Abortions to Paint Still Life of Fetus,http://reductress.com/post/new-bill-requires-women-seeking-abortions-to-paint-still-life-of-fetus/,"In the latest attempt to discourage women from seeking abortions, Republicans have introduced a new bill requiring women to first paint a still life oil portrait of the fetus before consulting with a physician."
136,168,"In damning text, anti-Semite Steve Bannon says Sean Spicer ""just isn't Master Race material""",http://www.hillarybeattrump.org/home/2017/6/20/in-damning-text-anti-semite-steve-bannon-says-sean-spicer-just-isnt-master-race-material,"WASHINGTON -- On Tuesday, Breitbart Editor Steve Bannon lambasted former Trump spokesman and aspiring actor Sean Spicer via text, telling the Atlantic's Rosie Gray that Spicer's T.V. career is failing because ""he just isn't Master Race material."""
137,437,Donald Trump tip-off sees Theresa May strike up post-Brexit trade deal with Nambia,http://newsthump.com/2017/09/22/donald-trump-tip-off-sees-theresa-may-strike-up-post-brexit-trade-deal-with-nambia/,"Theresa May will use some of the control Britain will take back from the EU to strike a legendary trade deal with Nambia, it has emerged. As divorce ‘negotiations’ with the EU continue, the British Prime Minister has already begun linking up with big players on the global scene, including an up and coming country somewhere in Africa. “As we stand on the brink of leaving the EU, we are looking to create great trade deals with new partners,” she told reporters ahead of her speech in Florence today. “It didn’t work out quite so well following our recent trip to Japan, admittedly, but with a bit of positive thinking, I’m sure we’ll get over that. There are plenty more fish in the sea, as it were.” She explained, “For example, yesterday Donald Trump accidentally misdialed me instead of his local escort service, which was a bit of luck as while he was on the line he mentioned a prosperous country in Africa called Nambia that is just begging to strike up global deals with leading countries like ours. “Apparently they have offered to supply all of his covfefe, and he has been very impressed with them so far.” Proudly she added, “This is what Brexit is all about – being in control of our own destiny and prosperity. “I’m just waiting for Donald to forward me the email from the wealthy Nambian prince that is running the country and we can get the ball rolling.”"
138,346,Susan Sarandon's vagina: 'I am with Hillary',http://www.bentspud.com/news/politics/2016/03/29/susan-sarandons-vagina-i-am-with-hillary/,"Los Angeles, CA — In a startling turn of events, Susan Sarandon’s vagina has gone on record and declared she is throwing her"
139,69,Donald Trump Praises Colonel Sanders for His Service in the Civil War,https://theredshtick.com/2017/05/02/donald-trump-praises-colonel-sanders-for-his-service-in-the-civil-war/,"Fresh off his gaffe involving President Andrew Jackson and the Civil War, Donald Trump has made yet another historical faux pas regarding the “War of Northern Aggression.” In an interview with The Red Shtick, Trump regaled us with his other thoughts on the war that an angry Jackson totally saw coming. Trump has been struggling to defend his comments — widely deemed preposterous, even by St. Landry Parish educational standards — in which he claimed a man who owned as many as 300 slaves would’ve found a way to prevent the Civil War. “People don’t realize, you know, the Civil War, if you think about it, why?” he told his interviewer, Salena Zito, a host on SiriusXM’s P.O.T.U.S. channel, who spoke to Mr. Trump for an article that was published on Sunday in The Washington Examiner. Mr. Trump followed up on the comment in a tweet on Monday night, arguing that Jackson saw the Civil War coming and would have prevented it had he not died 16 years earlier. The Donald, a member of the Party of Lincoln, elaborated on his recent controversial remarks about how the first Democratic U.S. president, who died 16 years before the Civil War, would have managed to avoid a war the first Republican president could not.Trump, a noted fan of Kentucky Fried Chicken, explained how Col. Sanders took five loaves of Evangeline Maid bread and two chickens, added his secret blend of 11 herbs and spices, and turned these humble ingredients into delicious meals that lasted an entire winter. Speaking to our intern Dave Robicheaux, who is paid in Facebook likes, Trump insisted Col. Harland Sanders, whom he called a “tremendous Civil War hero,” once saved an entire army at Valley Forge from certain starvation. Trump, a noted fan of Kentucky Fried Chicken, explained how Col. Sanders took five loaves of Evangeline Maid bread and two chickens, added his secret blend of 11 herbs and spices, and turned these humble ingredients into delicious meals that lasted an entire winter. Robicheaux attempted to explain to Trump that Col. Sanders was born 25 years after the end of the war, that The Donald seemed to be confusing the food incident with a Biblical story about Jesus feeding the multitudes, and that Valley Forge was neither an encampment nor a battle site during the Civil War. Upon being confronted with these facts, The Donald abruptly ended his interview with us, and he was last seen headed for a Confederate monument removal protest in New Orleans while screaming about fake news. Church’s Chicken and Popeye’s Louisiana Kitchen were unavailable for comment. Incidentally, Trump has promised to deport every worker at those two companies’ restaurants if they don’t share their respective secret recipes with him."
140,436,Donald Trump invited to visit Planet Earth,http://newsthump.com/2017/09/21/donald-trump-invited-to-visit-planet-earth/,"Humanity has issued an official invitation for lunatic hair-man Donald Trump to visit Planet Earth. “I think we have to accept that Donald Trump exists,” said Simon Williams, a representative of Planet Earth. “As such, we should probably try and learn more about him, and offer him the chance to learn more about us.” Mr Trump will be afforded the chance to see normal human beings in their natural surroundings, going about their business, and interacting with each other. Something with which he appears to be unfamiliar. “I think it’s important for him to try and understand that we’re not so different, him and us. Although we don’t communicate by shouting and threatening each other. Well, apart from that pub – The Setting Moon – on the estate in Harlow.” He may even be given the chance to interact with normal human beings. “Yes, well, we’ll need to see how that goes. If we’re confident that he doesn’t intend to grab anyone by the pussy in his traditional primitive greeting, then maybe we could arrange for that to happen. “I just hope actually visiting Planet Earth could give him some much-needed empathy for human beings."" If the trip goes well, Mr Williams has plans for similar invitations. “Well, yes. There’s Vladimir Putin, Theresa May, Recep Erdogan. I think that any of these people actually visiting Planet Earth could only be a helpful thing for all concerned.”"
141,595,Breaking: Conservative Firecracker Tomi Lahren Just Beat The Crap Out Of Sniveling Miley Cyrus,http://thelastlineofdefense.org/tomi-beat-up-miley/,"Tomi Lahren is well known to be a bit short-tempered sometimes, making sure everyone knows that her petite size and adorable appearance doesn’t mean she’s some kind of a pushover. As with most strong conservative women, not only does she shoot with deadly accuracy, she also makes a mean sandwich."
142,342,Congress Is Preparing to Reject and Replace the Republic,http://www.thespoof.com/spoof-news/us/128747/congress-is-preparing-to-reject-and-replace-the-republic,"Congress had so much fun replacing, and reinforcing, then retaining the nation's healthcare system that law makers are considering doing the same for the entire country. The program will be called Wreck, Revise, Resurrect and Rollin' Down the River. It is based on a Clerance Clearwater song of the same name."
143,180,White House Doctor Report Trump Has Lost Nearly 50% of Vision in Right Eye After Staring at Eclipse,http://empirenews.net/white-house-doctor-report-trump-has-lost-nearly-50-of-vision-in-right-eye-after-staring-at-eclipse/,"In a move that nearly everyone called “totally retarded,” President Trump stood out on the White House balcony during the solar eclipse, and stared directly into the sun. White House physician, Dr. Mark Campbell, now reports that Donald Trump has lost nearly 50% of his vision in one eye."
144,444,"6 Safe Places to Overdose on Heroin in Delaware, Ohio",https://www.delawareohionews.com/drugs-rec/safest-places-to-overdose-on-heroin-in-delaware-ohio/,By Ricardo Paye 37700 17
145,353,Trump angers paramedics by calling them ambulance drivers in EMS week speech,,President Trump is overseas for the 2017 EMS week. But that fact is not what has EMS workers as upset as what Trump said in a recent speech. Trump called paramedics ambulance drivers.
146,183,Civil War Monuments are uprooting themselves and fleeing the onslaught of the Neo-Nazis,http://www.thespoof.com/spoof-news/us/128823/civil-war-monuments-are-uprooting-themselves-and-fleeing-the-onslaught-of-the-neo-nazis,"After the recent Charlottesville massacre many civil war monuments have decided to pack up camp and make a run ahead of the waves of Neo-Nazis. It appears even the blood lust slavers of the Old South can't stand the odor of the new wave of US Neo-Nazis. All over the country they are uprooting themselves and hitching rides on passing trucks heading north to where it is safer.Spokesperson for the Civil War Monuments, the Curator said that ""they had a video hookup of many monuments including Lee, Stonewall Jackson and other Deep South legacy commanders. They all agreed that the threat to their legacy of being a warning about inhumane policies like slavery was at risk"". The monuments are freaked out about Neo-Nazi psychos usurping their memory for their dirty white supremacy agenda. ""sure we had slaves and slaughtered women and children like lame dogs, but we were never as bad as these new breed of psychos"", they collectively lamented. Deep South Monument Shelters are being established as north as possible for escaping monuments to find a friendly landing spot and be among mutual friends. They were offered a hiding place in Washington DC but all categorically refused saying it was just plain too insane in that town and they preferred a quiet park somewhere to live out their legacy days"
147,169,Fact checkers unionize under Clinton administration,http://www.hillarybeattrump.org/home/2017/3/23/fact-checkers-unionize-under-clinton-administration,"WASHINGTON, D.C. -- Fact checkers thrived during last year's campaign season, with many candidates spewing lies at consistently high rates. Under the reality-based President Hillary Clinton, however, fact checkers have found themselves with nothing to do. Facing pay cuts and mass layoffs, they recently decided to unionize."
148,146,Donnie's New Business Venture!,https://www.thepondscum.com/single-post/2017/07/10/Donnies-New-Business-Venture,Don Jr.s latest excuse for meeting with the Kremlin attorney was to see if he could import Russian babies and sell them in the United States.
149,554,Jaguars confident that Blake Bortles’ respect for the national anthem will get them into the playoffs,http://sportspickle.com/news/jaguars-confident-blake-bortles-respect-national-anthem-will-get-playoffs.html,"Jaguars head coach Doug Marrone named Blake Bortles the team’s starting quarterback today, putting a talented roster into the hands of a quarterback who has been one of the league’s worst over the past three seasons."
150,257,Despite the Constant Negative Press Covfefe” – the True Meaning!,http://www.landoverbaptist.net/index.php/2017/06/02/despite-the-constant-negative-press-covfefe-the-true-meaning/,"Glory to Jesus! President Trump has once again approached the sinners with a tremendous message. Praise God! It’s the now famous “covfefe” message that fools (Proverbs 10:21) fail to understand. President Trump, as always, knows what He is doing."
151,209,Bachmann: “White People Have Suffered More In The Last 8 Years Than Blacks Did During Couple Years Of Slavery”,http://uspoln.com/2017/07/07/bachmann-white-people-suffered-last-8-years-blacks-couple-years-slavery/,"On Sunday, ex-Rep. Michelle Bachmann spoke with Breitbart News about the protests outside of a Donald Trump campaign stop in Minneapolis, claiming that the protesters acted violently toward Trump supporters. Bachmann argued that President Obama has “sanctioned” violence, as long it protects the “people favorable to the Obama position, politically.” She insisted that the president is sending “a signal to Donald Trump supporters: Don’t attend Donald Trump events because you could be physically assaulted.” She also linked the Obama administration’s “lawlessness” to the incident in Minneapolis, claiming that Obama has effectively condoned violence against conservatives and white people, leaving “normal” people helpless in the face of anarchy."
153,557,BREAKING: Donald Trump resigns from presidency to take job as host on Sports Radio 980: The Yakker,http://sportspickle.com/news/breaking-donald-trump-resigns-presidency-take-job-host-sports-radio-980-yakker.html,"The White House has announced that Donald Trump, the 45th President of the United States, resigned from office this afternoon to accept a job as the drive time host on Sports Radio 980: The Yakker."
154,583,"Home Depot Founder Vies to Become Official Sponsor of Mexico-America Wall, Endorses Trump",http://www.empiresports.co/home-depot-founder-vies-to-become-official-sponsor-of-mexico-america-wall-endorses-trump/,"Is there some rule out there we don’t know about that states that founders of major DIY retail chains have to get involved in politics eventually? We saw that the people behind Hobby Lobby were all too eager to jump out of their lane (craft supplies) when the moment arose, and now and it is becoming clear that they learned by watching the founder of Home Depot, who just can’t stay out of the political arena (made in part, presumably, withPremium Birrill Fir Studs)."
155,350,Sale of CopBlock uncertain due to buyers blowing all their money on weed.,,Anti-police group CopBlock has put their web site and all business assets up for sale. The pending sale might be treated due to potential buyers spending all their cash on weed.
156,182,John McCain Says He ‘Accidentally’ Voted No On Healthcare Repeal: ‘My Brain Tumor Got The Best of Me!’,http://empirenews.net/john-mccain-says-he-accidentally-voted-no-on-healthcare-repeal-my-brain-tumor-got-the-best-of-me/,"Senator John McCain shocked the entire country by voting NO on the Obamacare repeal on the Senate floor the other day, but even though he made a wave of new fans from the left, he is now saying he made a mistake, and that his brain tumor is to brain."
157,593,BREAKING: 2 Democrat Congressmen On ISIS Payroll Arrested For Treason,http://thelastlineofdefense.org/breaking-2-democrat-congressmen-on-isis-payroll-arrested-for-treason/,"ISIS has managed to infiltrate the Halls of Congress, according to a verified source inside the Justice Department. Two US Representatives, both Democrats, have been removed from the building and brought to a “secure facility for enemy combatants.”"
158,7,War on Drugs: Trump Agrees To Put His Name On Ecstasy Tablets To Ensure Its Business Model Fails,http://www.theshovel.com.au/2017/08/24/trump-agrees-to-put-his-name-on-ecstasy-tablets/,"As part of the US Government’s ongoing War on Drugs, US President Donald Trump has generously agreed to lend his name and image to ecstasy tablets to make absolutely certain the associated businesses fail. It follows similar strategies in the steak, water and university industries. Analysts say businesses are seven times more likely to go bankrupt once Trump puts his name to them, and have applauded the President’s gesture of lending his name to help stamp out the illicit trade. “He has a habit of taking flourishing businesses, putting his name on the packaging, and then watching them fail. That’s exactly what we’d like to see with drugs,” a DEA spokesperson said. Mr Trump has also been asked to launch a pharmaceutical brand, to help end the country’s battle with prescription opioids."
159,280,Trump Selects McGruff The Crime Dog As FBI Director,http://babylonbee.com/news/trump-selects-mcgruff-crime-dog-fbi-director/,"WASHINGTON, D.C.—Finally selecting James Comey’s replacement as head of the department, President Donald Trump named McGruff the Crime Dog as FBI Director Wednesday morning."
160,351,Sean Spicer still fumbling around with childproof cap on bottle,,Addressing the press can be a stressful ordealespecially if your names Sean Spicer and your nervous tendencies keep bugging you.
161,6,Trump Quietly Hides Tax Returns In Western Wall,http://www.theshovel.com.au/2017/05/24/trump-quietly-hides-tax-returns-in-western-wall/,"In a poignant moment on his Middle East visit, US President Donald Trump took time out to hide his tax returns from the last twenty years in Jerusalem’s holy Western Wall. While some believed he was filing a building application to have the site demolished and replaced with a Trump Hotel, insiders believe it was actually documents from Inland Revenue proving he had paid no tax. Mr Trump placed the folded up pieces of paper into a crack in the wall, before saying a short prayer to himself. Asked about the moment later, Trump said it was a private moment between him and his wall."
162,497,Trump ‘Very Disappointed’ In Putin For Recommending Michael Flynn,http://www.burrardstreetjournal.com/trump-blames-putin-for-flynn-appointment/,"WASHINGTON, DC—U.S. President Donald Trump has revealed he is “very angry” at Vladimir Putin for personally recommending the now former national security advisor Michael Flynn."
163,126,Trump Creates 20% Tax On Tweets From Mexico,http://www.satirenews.net/trump-creates-20-tax-on-tweets-from-mexico/,WASHINGTON—Mexican government officials had no immediate response to a tweet by President Donald Trump signaling he will take executive action to force funding for the US-Mexico Border wall he plans on building.
164,295,U.S. FISH & WILDLIFE SERIOUSLY CONSIDERING ABUSING ITS POWER,http://www.satirewire.com/content1/?p=6465,"WASHINGTON, D.C. (SatireWire.com) – Overlooked as scandals swirl around the White House, Justice Department, CIA, EPA, and FBI, the U.S. Fish & Wildlife Service said today it could get up to some pretty abusive shit if that’s what it takes to get a little attention around here."
165,136,New Comprehensive Investigation Involving Trump,http://thepeoplescube.com/peoples-blog/new-comprehensive-investigation-involving-trump-t19542.html,Just In:
166,37,Trump Wants His Limo To Be Bigger Than Obama’s,http://bizstandardnews.com/2017/09/11/trump-wants-limo-bigger-obamas/,"President Donald Trump seems to have an obsession with size. During the presidential campaign he bragged about the size of his hands and manhood. And he also claimed his inauguration crowds were bigger that President Barack Obama. He also griped about the size of his plane. “The president, though, had one gripe, after his visit from the emir of Kuwait on Thursday afternoon. He was very impressed by the emir’s plane but noted that it was longer than his — maybe even by 100 feet,” according to Politico. That hasn’t gone away, according to White House leaker “Orange Throat.” The Business Standard News received an email that claimed Trump wanted to increase the length of “The Beast,” the presidential limo. “Trump is obsessed with trying to do everything better than Obama,” said Orange Throat. “He wanted to make the Beast a few inches longer so he could say his was bigger than Obama’s.” Several White House staffer have admitted the only reason they stay is to stop Trump from carrying out in even crazier plans."
167,268,"Installation Of Third Floor Zipline Aims To Make Ending White House Career Easier, Funner",http://www.dailydiscord.com/?p=12295,"Tweet Tower—Members of President Trump’s White House are not enjoying themselves and this is becoming even more apparent when it’s their turn on the old chopping block. Whether staffers leave voluntarily or are forced out, parting Team Trump is such sweet sorrow …well, except the sweet part. This is why Chief of Staff General John Kelly was determined to make leaving the premises quicker and more enjoyable for all involved. He opted to install a zipline that spans 1,287 feet and leads from the Truman Balcony all the way to an open sewer grate on 17th Street."
168,443,Solar Saloon Will Become Gay Bar,https://www.delawareohionews.com/local-news/solar-saloon-gay-bar/,By Ricardo Paye 13068
169,125,Bernie Sanders Tries Using Sex Appeal To Save Struggling Campaign,http://www.satirenews.net/bernie-sanders-makes-last-ditch-effort-using-sex-appeal-to-save-struggling-campaign/,"WASHINGTON—After months of campaigning and promising to give away free Healthcare, Education, Social Security, Paid Family Leave, and Childcare Bernie Sanders has begun to run out of things to give away in the heated Democratic Primary Race against former Secretary of State Hilary Clinton."
170,284,New WikiLeaks Documents Reveal George W. Bush Actually Made Some Of His Own Decisions,http://www.sensationalisttimes.com/new-wikileaks-documents-reveal-george-w-bush-actually-made-some-of-his-own-decisions/,"WASHINGTON – It’s only a small insert on page 112,115, but the new files leaked by the infamous website WikiLeaks provide almost undeniable evidence that, during his presidency, George W. Bush did in fact make some important decisions for himself."
171,495,Even Trump Surprised He Hasn’t Been Impeached Yet,http://www.burrardstreetjournal.com/even-trump-surprised-he-hasnt-been-impeached-yet/,"WASHINGTON, DC—Just hours after revealing highly classified security intelligence to the Russian ambassador and foreign minister, President Donald J. Trump has declared that he is “as surprised as anyone” that he has not been impeached yet."
172,521,North Korean Family Forced To Cancel Holiday Trip To Florida,http://waterfordwhispersnews.com/2017/09/25/north-korean-family-forced-to-cancel-holiday-trip-to-florida/,"PRESIDENT Donald Trump’s decision to extend his onerous travel ban to countries including North Korea has come as a blow to one Pyongyang family, who were set to go on a long-awaited trip to Florida after saving up their wages for nearly forty years."
173,36,WH Leaker: Trump Administration is Like ‘Game of Thrones’ With Less Blood,http://bizstandardnews.com/2017/07/29/wh-leaker-trump-administration-is-like-game-of-thrones-but-with-less-blood/,"The Business Standard news has received another leak from White House insider “Orange Throat,” and things seem to be getting desperate for the Trump administration. Trump recently fired White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer and Chief of State Reince Priebus after about six months in office. Orange Throat said the White House is like “‘Game of Thrones’ with less blood.” Trump also reportedly considered firing White House advisor Steve Bannon, when he started getting more praise than him. According to the Washington Post, an unnamed White House insider also compared the ongoing carnage to HBO’s “Game of Thrones.” “Priebus’ final departure was a humiliating coda for what had been a largely demeaning tenure during which he endured regular belittling from rival advisers — and even, at times, the president himself. His exit was described by one Republican strategist as ‘the red wedding,’ a reference to a mass-murder blood bath episode of HBO’s ‘Game of Thrones,’” said the Post."
174,440,North Korea changes national anthem to Elton John’s ‘Rocket Man’,http://newsthump.com/2017/09/20/north-korea-changes-national-anthem-to-elton-johns-rocket-man/,"North Korea has a new national anthem, and it’s a catchy one, it has emerged today. Second craziest world leader Kim Jong-un announced the change via state-operated news organisation DPRK News this morning. He proclaimed, “Citizens of this glorious country, our national anthem will today be changed to a good little tune I stumbled across, quite by chance and in no way related to a recent speech at the UN, called ‘Rocket Man’. “I have heard some rumours that the people of our glorious land are spreading lies and falsehoods about me. And I feel some of you may have got the wrong impression of me from the mass starvation, suppression of the media and the authoritarian rule and that sort of thing. “Hopefully this will help you understand me better. It’s part of my job, you see, to pour money into our missile programme. “I’m worried that it’s gonna be a long, long time, but I hope that one day you’ll find I’m not the man you think I am at home.” He clarified “Oh, no no no, I AM a rocket man – but I’m actually quite a nice guy, too. “So I hope this anthem will draw us all together as we face the ongoing threats from the unhinged maniac in the White House.” US President Donald Trump has yet to respond to the news, as he is reportedly very busy looking at the footage of his UN speech and counting the number of people present so he can quadruple it before boasting of his ‘crowd size’ on Twitter later today."
175,35,Trump: Putin Will Be Honored Guest At Inauguration,http://bizstandardnews.com/2017/01/12/trump-putin-will-be-honored-guest-at-inauguration/,"President-elect Donald Trump might be having trouble attracting celebrities to his inauguration, but at least one foreign leader will show up, Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin. According to a press release, Trump was excited about the news. “I’m very happy to have Vladimir honor us with his presence,” said Trump. “I’ll make sure the United States and Russia have the best relationship ever.” Trump’s presidential win has been marred by intelligence reports that Russian hackers and propaganda helped sway the election in his favor. A recent report by BuzzFeed detailed an investigation by a former British intelligence agent who claims that the Russians are using sex tapes and financial ties to compromise Trump. Trump’s election might indicate how much power Russia has over the United States. According to ThinkProgress, a recent speech by U.S. Rep. Maxine Waters, which was critical of Trump, was knocked off C-SPAN and replaced by Russia Today, Putin’s propaganda outlet. “The incident occurred six days after the U.S. intelligence community released its declassified intelligence report about Russia’s meddling in the presidential election,” said ThinkProgress writer Aaron Rupar. “A significant portion of it details RT’s efforts to help Donald Trump.”"
176,308,ALIENS MEDDLED WITH U.S. ELECTION CLAIMS CONTROVERSIAL EXPERT,http://worldnewsdailyreport.com/aliens-meddled-with-u-s-election-claims-controversial-expert/,"The famous publisher, producer and TV show host, Giorgio A. Tsoukalos, says he has some irrefutable evidence that an extraterrestrial civilization influenced the American presidential election in order to help Trump win the White House."
177,281,Pentagon Officials Scramble To Change Nuclear Code From ‘Covfefe’,http://babylonbee.com/news/pentagon-officials-scramble-change-nuclear-code-covfefe/,"WASHINGTON, D.C.—While social media rumors ran wild Wednesday about what President Donald Trump’s accidentally tweeted word “covfefe” meant, Pentagon officials hurriedly changed over hundred of lines of coding in the nuclear missile launch system to remove the word as one of the key passwords to launch a nuclear strike."
178,325,WHY WON’T YOU JUST LET US PASS A HEALTH CARE BILL AND KILL A FEW MILLION PEOPLE?,https://www.mcsweeneys.net/articles/why-wont-you-just-let-us-pass-a-health-care-bill-and-kill-a-few-million-people,"Dear America,"
179,278,Jeff Sessions Wakes Up Next To Severed Horse Head,http://babylonbee.com/news/jeff-sessions-wakes-next-severed-horse-head/,"WASHINGTON, D.C.—Rising from slumber Friday morning, Attorney General Jeff Sessions noticed blood drenching his bed sheets, and peeled back his bed covers to reveal a freshly severed horse head resting near his feet, inside sources confirmed."
180,441,Ohio Gov. John Kasich Legalizes Exhumation of Confederate Soldiers Statewide,https://www.delawareohionews.com/national-news/ohio-governor-kasich-exhuming-confederate-soldiers/,By Ricardo Paye 69784 69
181,335,Trump Breaks His Silence On Paul Ryan’s Impeachment Threat,http://newsfeedobserver.com/trump-breaks-his-silence-on-paul-ryans-impeachment-threat/,Speaker of the House Paul Ryan confirmed today that his office is preparing Articles of Impeachment against President Trump. Ryan released a statement saying:
182,241,"If You Own A Million Dollar Mega Church, Is It Okay To Sometimes Turn Away the Poor?",http://liberaldarkness.com/2017/08/29/if-you-own-a-million-dollar-mega-church-is-it-okay-to-sometimes-turn-away-the-poor/,The liberal social media is up in arms because millionaire pastor Joel Osteen initially turned away a few poor Houston flood victims from taking refuge in his 16000 seat megachurch.
183,33,Buchanan Says Latinos Will Eventually Make Whites Their Servants,http://bizstandardnews.com/2017/09/10/pat-buchanan-daca/,"Veteran conservative Pat Buchanan has weighed in on President Donald Trump’s decision to end Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA,) the program that allowed children who were brought to this country illegally work authorization. In an interview with the Patriot Media Sentinel, Buchanan said it was a necessary evil and a way of protecting European Americans’ future. “The Dreamers have to go to protect the future of our children,” he said. “If we let these people take over, our children will end up working as gardeners and maids for them.” Buchanan has penned several books and articles warning about the dire future of America with a majority brown population. According to Right-Wing Watch, conspiracy theorist Josh Bernstein says deporting the Dreamers was necessary for conservatives’ survival. He said Democrats and Dreamers would eventually create a one-party state and target right-wingers. “They would probably start killing people at some point that disagreed with their positions,” said Bernstein. “Is that far-stretched? Does that seem like it’s way out of whack? That I’m a conspiracy theorist type of person? No, I’m not. I just can see the writing on the wall.”"
184,532,Donald Trump: “No Prayer Spaces in Muslim Internment Camps If I’m President.”,http://www.thehummusnews.com/donald-trump-no-prayer-spaces-in-muslim-internment-camps-if-im-president/,"New York, NY (9:00 p.m. EST)–Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump called a press conference on Monday to announce his plans for banning all prayer spaces in the Muslim Internment Camps he plans to install if he is elected President of the United States."
185,496,Mike Pence Hospitalized After Becoming Trapped In Elevator With Woman,http://www.burrardstreetjournal.com/mike-pence-elevator-disaster-with-unknown-female/,"WASHINGTON, DC—The Vice President of the United States of America is said to be in a “critical condition” in the White House Medical Unit tonight after becoming trapped in an elevator with an unknown woman for almost 20 minutes."
186,520,USA Declare War On North Korean Declaration Of War Over USA Declaration Of War,http://waterfordwhispersnews.com/2017/09/26/usa-declare-war-on-north-korean-declaration-of-war-over-usa-declaration-of-war/,THE UNITED States has responded aggressively to an aggressive North Korean response to Donald Trump’s aggressive response to Kim Jong Un’s continued aggression in the Pacific.
187,309,WOMAN RUNS OVER HER HUSBAND WITH AN SUV AFTER LEARNING HE VOTED FOR TRUMP,http://worldnewsdailyreport.com/woman-runs-over-her-husband-with-an-suv-after-learning-he-voted-for-trump/,"A Californian woman severely injured her husband by hitting him at great speed with her SUV, after he confessed that he had voted for Donald Trump in the last presidential election."
188,127,Trump Replaces Obamacare With Chance To Win First Aid Kit,http://www.satirenews.net/trump-replaces-obamacare-with-chance-to-win-first-aid-kit/,WASHINGTON—President Trump’s first executive order on the Affordable Care Act (ACA) also known as Obamacare was to dismantle the health reform law and reverse the progress made of insuring 20 million Americans previously uninsured.
189,240,God Casts Hurricane Harvey At Texas Because They Voted For Trump,http://liberaldarkness.com/2017/08/30/god-casts-hurricane-harvey-at-texas-because-they-voted-for-trump/,"Southeast Texas is suffering from the effects of Hurricane Harvey, the National Weather Service calling it the worst and most unprecedented storm to hit Texas of all time."
190,442,"Delaware, Ohio Police Reports Week of June 12, 2017",https://www.delawareohionews.com/police-reports/delaware-ohio-police-reports-week-of-june-12-2017/,By Ricardo Paye 3201 0
191,530,"Trump “Practicing Alphabets” Between Executive Order, Say Senior Staff",http://www.thehummusnews.com/trump-practicing-alphabets-between-executive-order-say-senior-staff/,"Washington D.C. (10:00 A.M. EST)—Addressing the media this morning, White House Spokesperson Sean Spicer confirmed reports that President Trump has recommitted himself to learning the English alphabet between signing executive orders. “The President has worked his way up to ‘R’ and continues to learn new, interesting letters each day for the American people,” said Spicer."
192,296,CELEBRITY SIGHTING: REX TILLERSON SPOTTED IN ASIA!,http://www.satirewire.com/content1/?p=6499,"TOKYO (SatireWire.com) – Reclusive CEO-turned-Secretary-of-State Rex Tillerson has been spotted in Asia cozying up with Japanese leaders, according to close friends who say the oil industry heartthrob is there for super-secret meetings. Quel mystérieux!"
193,30,President Trump Fires All 14 Muslim Federal Judges,http://asamericanasapplepie.org/2017/08/16/of-course-he-cant-do-that/,"Barack Obama managed to pack the federal judiciary with bleeding heart liberals, professional lobbyists for climate change and other science-fiction scams and 15 Moslems, none of whom were born in this country. President Trump had no choice but to fire one of them last month when he ruled that Sharia Law was OK if the defendant is Moslem and reasonably expected to follow his faith or face eternity in hell. You can force a Christian to pay for birth control for indigents and gutter rats but you cant ask a Moslem not to beat his wife? Sounds about right. Today, President Trump very quietly ended the tenure of the Moslem 14  as they have named their little group of Allah worshippers  with an executive order eliminating their benches altogether. White House Propaganda Director Emmanuel Goldstein told Fox News: President Trump doesnt have the authority to remove a federal judge appointed and confirmed by the Senate, but he does have the authority to determine the number of benches in the judiciary per the Evacuation Clause. He reduced that number today by 14. Brilliant. Thats why we voted for President trump and why well vote for him again. Hes waaaaaaay smarter than we are. Well keep you updated on the fate of these Moslems."
194,134,North Korea responds to Trump rhetoric,http://thepeoplescube.com/peoples-blog/north-korea-responds-to-trump-rhetoric-t19627.html,"Moments after the tyrannical dictator Donald Trump incited the peaceful nation of North Korea by rattling the ""fire and fury"" saber, the people's democratic North Korean government led by the duly elected and beloved Kim Jong-Un made it known that they were stunned by the unwarranted macroaggression and vowed to respond in kind."
195,283,"Obama Loses Pickup Game Against Kobe, Takes Out Frustration On White House Staff",http://www.sensationalisttimes.com/obama-loses-pickup-game-against-kobe-takes-out-frustration-on-white-house-staff/,"WASHINGTON – After taking a beating in a one-on-one game of basketball against Kobe Bryant today, the President shutout every member of the White House Staff in 48 consecutive games of 21."
196,518,Jared Kushner Registered As ‘Qualified For Job’ In Embarrassing White House Error,http://waterfordwhispersnews.com/2017/09/28/jared-kushner-registered-as-qualified-for-job-in-embarrassing-white-house-error/,FURTHER embarrassment has been heaped on the Trump administration just hours after it was reported that Jared Kushner was registered as ‘female’ on New York State Board’s voting register.
197,522,Clinton Memoir Leaves Out Part About Being Completely Out Of Touch,http://waterfordwhispersnews.com/2017/08/30/clinton-memoir-leaves-out-part-about-being-completely-out-of-touch/,"FORMER presidential candidate Hillary Clinton’s much anticipated memoir discussing the US election of 2016 has come in for criticism for leaving out the part where Clinton, 65, accepts she is wildly out of touch, WWN understands."
198,279,President Trump Unveils Meme War Memorial,http://babylonbee.com/news/president-trump-unveils-meme-war-memorial/,"WASHINGTON, D.C.—An emotional President Trump unveiled a new memorial in the nation’s capital Thursday, commemorating the efforts of those who have fought in the Great Meme War which has raged since the beginning of his campaign."
199,494,Trump Demands Canadian Border Wall After Learning Mexico Not Only Country Adjacent To U.S.,http://www.burrardstreetjournal.com/trump-demands-canadian-border-wall-after-learning-mexico-not-only-country-adjacent-to-u-s/,"WASHINGTON, DC(James Ryan Lowe)—Learning that the United States also borders a country to its north, President Donald Trump called for construction of a wall along the U.S.-Canada border."
200,256,The Biblical Case for Making Trump King,http://www.landoverbaptist.net/index.php/2017/09/17/the-biblical-case-for-making-trump-king/,"This may be a bit controversial, but I’ve been looking into the Christian monarchist movement recently, and I’m starting to think we can make a compelling case from Scripture as to why we should have a King. And I’m not talking about the US joining the British Commonwealth (Deuteronomy 17:15) or becoming a constitutional monarchy, but an absolute monarchy."
201,297,CANCER ENDORSES REPUBLICAN HEALTHCARE PLAN,http://www.satirewire.com/content1/?p=6475,"WASHINGTON, D.C. (SatireWire.com) – Republicans picked up a major endorsement today as the world’s leading patient-based health related entity – Cancer – came out in favor of their proposed Obamacare replacement plan."
202,137,President Obama Awards Himself Another Medal,http://thepeoplescube.com/peoples-blog/president-obama-awards-himself-another-medal-t19201.html,"President Obama awarded himself the prestigious, 'Distinguished Public Service Medal' on Wednesday, January 4th, 2017."
